1	'90s songs from the likes of Natalie Imbruglia, The Verve and Britney Spears soundtrack the story of two step-siblings who set out to destroy an innocent girl.
2	A 15-year-old boy was killed and seven people were hurt after falling debris from one of 87 downed drones hit a residential building in the southern Ukrainian city of Odesa, the head of the region’s military administration, Oleh Kiper, said.
3	A 24-week out of Penn State University revealed positive outcomes for athletes using collagen hydrolysate, marking a significant advancement in joint pain management.
4	A 25-mile multiuse trail system of old woods roads and footpaths crisscrosses the property.
5	A 26-year-old cadet who just began training at the Poltava Military Communications Institute two weeks earlier that what he witnessed was horrific.
6	A303 Westbound closed due to 'serious collision'
7	A 32-year-old woman identified as Rose Machokolo was found dead at a home in Bangwe on Wednesday morning, April 24, the Limbe Police has reported.
8	A38 is expected to be closed for most of the day after chaos broke out on this key route through Devon this morning.
9	A 39-year-old Walpole Island man was arrested on King Street in Wallaceburg at 9:11 p.m. for two warrants for failing to attend court.
10	A 44-year-old man from Colne has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in custody.
11	A 46-year-old far-right Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) worker identified as Varinder Parmar died of a heart attack during a protest against mosques, Waqf Board and immigrants in Himachal Pradesh’s Hamirpur town on Saturday, September 28.
12	A5 near Oswestry reopens after road closes for 'several hours'
13	A 78-year-old woman is in John Hunter Hospital following a motor vehicle accident in Taree on the night of Sunday, August 25, 2024.
14	Aaron leaves three sons, aged 10, two and one, and was a former national amateur boxing champion, training under legendary coach Johnny Lewis.
15	ABC13 tried asking them about their claims myself, but no one came outside.
16	ABC News has reached out to Hall for comment but has yet to hear back.
17	A bee is seen on a flower in downtown Ottawa onTuesday, Sept. 5, 2023.
18	A big challenge before the Opposition in the elections would be hence to counter the perception of Modi as a Hindutva icon who has provided a platform to the Hindus to express their pride.
19	A big crowd of people got trackside in Tumbarumba for the town's annual race meeting at the weekend.
20	A big mood and capable in a fight?
21	A big tent could be seen outside of the church on Saturday afternoon.
22	A bipartisan group of lawmakers is asking VA to prevent these scams, by making it easier for veterans to find its list of accredited veterans service organizations.
23	A blog dedicated to the pre-recorded BBC results, which are filmed on Saturday nights and broadcast on Sunday, discloses who gets eliminated each week.
24	A BOLD strategy to transform the north-western suburbs of Lake Macquarie into a thriving lifestyle and employment hub has the potential to support more than 18,300 new residents and 4,300 jobs.
25	About 150 police officers were injured during the assault.
26	About 25% to 30% of the ANC will leave instantly and go to the MK party,” McKenzie claimed.
27	About half of the ZIP Codes on the Plains had too few transactions to allow Zillow to track them, especially in Colorado’s highly distressed southeastern corner.
28	Above aarly years with Mrs Hall.
29	A breakup of Google could dismantle this stability, leading to increased fragmentation across platforms like Bing and Yahoo.
30	A breath test revealed that he had 63 microgrammes of alcohol per 100 millilitres of breath.
31	A brooder is basically a heated space for your baby chicks.
32	A business model based on user subscriptions or merchant acceptance fees is unlikely to generate sufficient margins given low or no transaction cost alternatives such as cash.
33	"Academically our students are outperforming them and the NCS and now ICS has demonstrated what is possible.
34	A cat also required rescue.
35	A Catholic priest offered grief counseling to shaken residents.
36	Accepting each one as what they are is wisdom.
37	Accepting for “Dahmer,” Nash-Betts gave a blazing speech in which she dedicated her victory to the struggles of “unheard, yet overpoliced” Black and brown women, “like Glenda Cleveland, like Sandra Bland, like Breonna Taylor.”
38	Accepting the petition, the court ordered police to record the statement of the plaintiff and register the complaint as a first information report (FIR).
39	Accept Manage my choices A UN-mediated Settlement Plan was put into place in 1991.
40	Access Holdings is a multinational financial services group that offers commercial banking, lending, payment, insurance, and asset management services.
41	Accessible by only charter flight or ferry, the island is one of the most scenic on the African continent featuring dramatic cliffs and sandy beaches.
42	Accompanying this line is a tag that reads, “The Dread Wolf Rises.”
43	“Accordingly, Lagbaja has directed a thorough investigation into the incident with a view to establishing the immediate and remote causes of the incident and unraveling those behind it, “he said.
44	According to a 2018 study by China’s Naval University of Engineering, the PLA’s equipment procurement was involved in ‘bid rigging’ practices, negatively impacting the PLA’s combat capabilities.
45	According to an internal rates analysis, the average monthly Texas Gas Service bill for Austin residents this year is $60.58, including all taxes and fees.
46	According to a November survey of Arab and Jewish Israeli students commissioned by the Edmond de Rothschild Foundation, most Jewish and Arab students fear the other, with around 20% of each feeling that fear to a high degree.
47	According to a power outage tracking website, 99.76% of the power is out in Madison County, Fl. As anyone knows who has lost power after a storm, it is miserable.
48	According to a press release from ERO Boston, U.S. Border Patrol arrested Silva Oct. 22, 2021, after he reportedly unlawfully entered the United States near San Luis, Arizona.
49	According to a study published by Northwestern University, one third of the U.S’s newspapers and two thirds of its journalists have been lost since 2005.
50	According to Beresford, he was defining illicit enrichment in general terms as a mismatch between asset and income.
51	According to data from MarketBeat, AXIS Capital has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $68.
52	According to data from the Statistics and Census Service (DSEC), there was a remarkable increase of 142.3% with a total of 216,000 arrivals.
53	According to him, the actions of the SSP “undermine law enforcement efforts and jeopardize the safety of both the police and citizens of the region.”
54	According to JNN’s mid-campaign analysis of the Tokyo gubernatorial election set for voting on July 7, incumbent Yuriko Koike is slightly leading, while former Senator Renho is making significant gains.
55	According to Main Township Volunteer Fire Company, when on-scene crews observed a large brush fire at the top of the mountain, and immediately requested four brush trucks and three tankers.
56	According to Makama, the ammunition was discovered during a regular search of Abubakar’s luggage.
57	According to MarketBeat, the company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of C$6.
58	According to MarketBeat, the stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $191.
59	According to MarketBeat, the stock presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $521.
60	According to MarketBeat, W.W. Grainger currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $959.
61	According to Naji Abbas, Director of Prisoners and Detainees at PHRI, there have been tens of witness accounts of daily violence and violation of basic rights at detention centers.
62	According to news reports, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz told Biden in February, “For you, I will do this.”
63	According to police, officers were called to a report of a seriously injured man lying outside in the 800 block of Furby Street at 7:30 a.m.
64	According to police reports a child goes missing every five hours in the country.
65	According to previous comments from HBO executive Casey Bloys, there are no current plans to continue series in any way, and it would ultimately be up to series creator Damon Lindelof to return to the project.
66	According to Romanian author Stejarel Olaru's book, Nadia si Securitatea, gymnasts were reportedly starved, slapped, and denied medical care.
67	According to several media reports, Dilip became angry during a heated argument with Asit.
68	According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, we rank 16th in the country – at the top of the middle third of the states – in suicides.
69	According to the company, customers save an average of 46% of their enrolled debt before accounting for National Debt Relief’s fees.
70	According to the Court, the appeal has very good prospects of success, since, according to the case-law of the Court of Justice, the favorable status of the protected species must be ensured when determining hunting quotas.
71	According to the Election Commission of India, there are 88.06 lakh eligible electors in Jammu and Kashmir.
72	According to the latest figures, will receive just a 3.7% increase in the annual sum the authority receives from Welsh Government.
73	According to the Lebanese Ministry of Health, more than 3,000 people have been killed and over 13,600 others injured in Lebanon since the escalation in hostilities between Israel and Hezbollah.
74	According to the Mayo Clinic, it occurs when the immune system overreacts to a trigger.
75	According to the new report, for every dollar Illinois credits a production, that production is responsible for $6.81 returned to the state’s economy either “directly, indirectly or induced” by the production.
76	According to the plaque, the statue was also dedicated to the Sisters of St. Dominic and the hospital’s medical staff.
77	According to the post and comments, users who try to replay the video simply encounter the same problem again.
78	According to the prosecution, Iswaran had obtained valuable gifts from these individuals, amounting to more than $400,000 in total.
79	According to the relative, four other people were trapped inside the house with Bounaouar.
80	According to Thornton’s narration, the stakes are quite high, as the oil and gas industry makes over $3 billion daily in pure profit.
81	According to Visual Capitalist, there are about 80 main stock exchanges worldwide, and their combined value is $110.2 trillion.
82	According to World Bank, unemployment rate in Sierra Leone decreased from 3.30% in 2022 to 3.20% in 2023.
83	AC/DC will play Dublin’s Croke Park on Saturday, August 17, the final day of their 2024 POWER UP European tour.
84	Acer is one of the oldest and best laptop brands on the market, and if you're looking to snag yourself a new laptop that isn't one of the big names like Dell, Apple, or Asus, then Acer is a really excellent alternative.
85	A change in throwing motion has catapulted Zilli.
86	A charity breakfast party held at Priory Court raised cash for The Cancer Research Campaign thanks to the support of local people.
87	A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), he was unequivocal that the result of the election had already been written.
88	Achieving consensus on those values, and how they should be deployed, is the philosophical, diplomatic, and legal task of the century.
89	A clear message needs to be sent out by our legal and law enforcement authorities: break the law and you will be locked up.
90	A clever individual has offered up a cost-effective tip.
91	A clinical reviewer concluded that the healthcare Pulami received at HMP Hull was only partially equivalent to that which he could have expected to receive in the community.
92	A coastal home on one of Merseyside's most desirable roads has "huge potential" to be transformed.
93	A "code black" means there is an immediate threat of severe weather, primarily a tornado warning.
94	A community initiative known as KOREPOR—an acronym in Creole for Teamwork to Rebuild Little River Bridge—is mobilizing efforts to reconstruct a bridge in Madeline, near Cap-Haïtien.
95	A community nurse from Blackburn has been honoured with a national award for her services over her 30 years career.
96	A complimentary dinner is to be given in the Commercial Hotel, Alness, to Mr David Ross who on retiring from business, is leaving the district.
97	A Co-op will be closed for eight weeks for major refurbishment works to take place.
98	A council spokesperson previously said: “Though the decision cannot be appealed, this decision will not stop the council taking further enforcement action against the plant, should the need arise.
99	A cover or room divider from Armenia, made in the 1800s.
100	Acronis solutions are highly efficient and designed to identify, prevent, detect, respond to, remediate and recover from modern cyberthreats with minimal downtime, ensuring data integrity and business continuity.
101	"Across the road is 'Hog Noggins' which quotes on its outside 'Craft Beer' etc so I was pretty excited.
102	Action in the Newcastle rugby league clash between Wests and Macquarie.
103	Activities commenced with land bombardment, followed by artillery and mortar fire in support of amphibious operations.
104	“Actors are usually in a sort of first date state with their co-stars,” Waterston says.
105	A CT teen was implicated in five attempted…
106	A CUL-DE-SAC in Towyn is celebrating after their postcode was randomly selected as one of Tuesday's daily winners in the People's Postcode Lottery.
107	A customer on Trip Advisor UK praised the Manor stating: “Still one of the top places to go in the South West, some would say the UK.
108	Adam Driver and CJ Wilson in Lonergan’s Hold on to Me Darling.
109	Adams’ arraignment was scheduled for noon on Friday before Magistrate Judge Katharine Parker.
110	Adams feels he might be able to sway far-right voters as Democrats try to cut into the GOP supermajority in the Legislature.
111	A daredevil billionaire rocketed back into orbit Tuesday, aiming to perform the first private spacewalk and venture farther than anyone since NASA’s Apollo moonshots.
112	A date for the ruling will be communicated to the parties.
113	Adding that is one of the ways people can make sure the population data for El Paso County is up to date.
114	Adding to the fury, Sweden boss Jon Dahl Tomasson added: “I was furious.
115	Adding to why the congress was themed “Promoting Confidentiality and Adherence to Work Ethics in a Harmonious Work Environment,” Mr Lekwot said, “We need to coach our members on how to keep some information intact.”
116	Addison hosted the Falkville Blue Devils for a pair of varsity matchups Friday night, and it was the Addison Bulldogs who came away with two victories.
117	Additionally, 300 kilos of unlabelled jaggery worth ₹30,000 were confiscated.
118	Additionally, a built-in LED task light provides low-level lighting at night.
119	Additionally, Dr. Adenuga’s influence extends to a nationwide network of petrol retail stations.
120	Additionally, each student picks a major, in which they gain deep knowledge of a particular subject, and a minor, of their interest.
121	Additionally, expired foods can contain dangerous bacteria, which could lead to severe consequences if consumed.
122	Additionally, if you can stumble across a Wonder Pick with a card you do happen to be seeking, you will have a one-in-five chance of securing it, so it's at least worth a try.
123	Additionally, it has hosted live opera, theatre screenings, sports events, and E-games, catering to a wide audience.
124	Additionally, Llaguno mentioned that the group organizes various socio-cultural activities, including an annual Lenten retreat for its members.
125	Additionally, Ms. Baldwin and Ms. Brisbane are not married or domestic partners in any formalized legal sense that would require financial disclosures.
126	Additionally, that survey showed inflation and the economy as the top issue — chosen by 47 percent — followed by 43 percent who said immigration and border security are top issues.
127	Additionally, the CBI is also interviewing the victim’s family members and close associates to gather more details about the circumstances leading to the hasty cremation of the body.
128	Additionally, the chain also makes sure the water is filtered before it enters the dispensers.
129	Additionally, the company’s MileagePlus program with 100 million+ members has contributed to United’s steady revenue stream.
130	Additionally, the panel also gave the definition of “Assamese”.
131	Additionally, you may find that another HSA provider offers an HSA with lower fees or investment options that better meet your goals and needs.
132	Addressing the force at Dr. John Garang Mausoleum, Kiir calls on them to be friendly with the civil population.
133	Addressing the people, Governor Nwifuru stated that it was unreasonable for his challengers to drag him from the Tribunal to the Supreme Court over an election he won free and fair.
134	A "deal" button on a casino app is shown on a smartphone in a photo illustration made in Toronto, Wednesday, Jan.
135	A Delhi court has instructed the Enforcement Directorate (ED) to provide its response to Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal’s request for permission to engage in a video conference consultation with his regular doctor.
136	A Democrat judge in Illinois did the same, ruling that Trump must be stricken from the ballot in response to a lawsuit brought by a Democrat-supporting nonprofit, Free Speech for People.
137	A department spokesperson said that the DEP had turned off the leaky hydrant “several times” since it found out about it, but people kept turning it back on — which prevented DEP crews from working in the area.
138	A DERELICT former shop is becoming a “magnet” for anti-social behaviour with youths breaking into the building and gathering inside, it has been claimed.
139	Adesuwa’s world is turned upside down by news she wasn’t expecting, while Lara’s job hunt hits one roadblock after another.
140	A detailed study to this effect was presented to County and City leadership last fall and requested these funds be returned to Asheville and specifically to APD to strengthen their funding and staffing.
141	Adjacent to the garage are further outbuildings including a laundry room, a cloakroom and a store/workshop.
142	Administrators at Columbia University in New York and a few (though far from all) other colleges have finally heeded the calls for common sense and begun tearing down the pro-Hamas protest tent cities and having the rioters arrested.
143	Admission is £3 with under-14s, free.
144	Admission is £5, with accompanied children and wheelchair users able to enter for free.
145	“Adolescence is a stage where young people try to find a place to belong, but also to prove themselves.
146	Adopt an anti-inflammatory diet: Focus on foods that reduce inflammation, such as leafy greens, berries, and omega-3 rich fish.
147	A draft of the final summit declaration seen by Reuters refers to Russia’s invasion as a “war” - a label Moscow rejects - and calls for Ukraine’s control over the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant and its Azov Sea ports to be restored.
148	A dream of communities without borders that takes us as far as the unreached borders.
149	A driver from Scarborough is facing charges following a collision in Prince Edward County (PEC) on Wednesday.
150	Advances rose 20 per cent yoy to ₹405,957 crore, with consumer and commercial credit growing 20 per cent, respectively; corporate and SME growing 21 per cent, respectively; and other 31 per cent.
151	Advantage’s clean room solution is currently integrated with AWS Clean Rooms, InfoSum, LiveRamp, Snowflake and is expanding integrations in the future with other providers, such as Epsilon Clean Room.
152	Advice is required before proceeding with equity release.
153	A DVLA rule that restricts older ' licenses has sparked outrage, being slammed as a "persecution of pensioners".
154	A far cry from what she called “a pretty lonely journey,” when she started.
155	A federal disaster declaration has been received, directing federal assistance to North Carolina.
156	A few weeks later, neither of those scenarios has come to pass. Despite the language in Newsom’s post appearing to call out — and command — local governments, the fine print of his mandate shows that it only applies to state agencies working for him.
157	A few years back, researchers at the Brookings Institution put out a really fascinating on how to define the middle class through different lenses, including as a purely cultural construct.
158	A field of 156 players is set up to compete for the prestigious title and a substantial $4 million purse.
159	A final decision will likely come at the April 29 Assembly meeting.
160	A fire during a preflight test for Apollo 1 killed all three crew members, highlighting the risks and sacrifices made in pursuit of space exploration.
161	A FLOOD alert is currently in place for Wrexham and surrounding areas due to high river levels on the Dee.
162	A flooded classroom at Edith Dalton James High.
163	A flood warning remains in place for Tuesday into Wednesday.
164	AFP videographer Dylan Collins, also wounded in the Israeli attack, pushed Ms Assi’s wheelchair as she carried the torch across the suburb of Vincennes on Sunday.
165	Africa added that the claim of fast Philippine economic growth or gross domestic product (GDP) growth is an inadequate measure of a country’s development.
166	A friend an inspiration.
167	After addressing endogeneity concerns and conducting alternative robustness checks, this result remains robust.
168	After a delay due to the covid-19 pandemic, “MJ The Musical,” with a book by Lynn Nottage and boasting a barrage of bombastic pop hits, opened on Broadway in early 2022.
169	After a hooking call, Cooper Clark then scored at 10:12 to tie the game.
170	After all, Israel has carried out regular assassinations of scientists involved in the nuclear programme inside the country.
171	After all, milliseconds matter when it comes to trading and AI assists traders to make better informed trading decisions.
172	After all, the Super Bowl has repeatedly appealed to a more mainstream audience than your traditional football broadcast.
173	After a period of correction, Filecoin (FIL) is teasing a potential price surge, buoyed by bullish technical indicators and analyst predictions.
174	After appearing to be losing control of the country to the rebels, the Aleppo battle secured Mr the president’s hold on strategic areas of Syria, with opposition factions and their foreign backers controlling areas on the periphery.
175	After arriving to the residence, officers located two adult males with gunshot wound injuries, along with multiple other occupants.
176	After a stint at McKinsey & Company, Watson co-founded Achieva College Prep Service, which he sold to Kaplan, Inc. in 2002.
177	After a two-month consultation, ministers have published the final version of changes to the National Planning Policy Framework (NPPF).
178	After becoming a member of these bodies, Trinidad, like other signatories, contributed to the Funds; however in 2018, after the shutdown of the PetroTrin Refinery, Trinidad restructured the facility and was no longer making contributions to the bodies.
179	After Bitcoin’s third halving in 2020, its price reached an all-time high in 2022.
180	After Casley’s release, he breached the notice by calling his partner and sending her seven messages.
181	After further investigation, the team of employees pressuring the recruit were fired - despite their claims that their actions had been driven by the pressure they were put under by those higher up.
182	After graduating from high school, Gene proudly served in the United States Army.
183	After graduating, he got a job working on mainframes at Georgetown University Hospital, in the basement next to the morgue.
184	After Harris’ appearance on “The View,” she received a notable assessment from Kayleigh McEnany, a former Trump spokeswoman who co-hosts a show on Fox News.
185	After he failed a roadside "drug wipe" test, Allen was arrested and found to have illegal quantities of cannabis in his bloodstream - almost four times the legal limit.
186	After her death, British politician Jenny Jones proposed a 6 p.m. curfew for men so that women would be safer.
187	After his killing, almost all opposition was silenced.
188	After initially being sent home from A&E, Charlie was admitted to University Hairmyres Hospital in Glasgow where he spent three days waiting for a vein bypass after his leg turned white and went numb.
189	After Japanese forces sunk the USS Gregory near Guadalcanal Island, Petty Officer 1st Class French dove into shark-infested waters, helped gather 15 of his injured shipmates on a raft, and tied the rope around his waist.
190	After landing former Inter Miami executive Chris Henderson as their new chief soccer officer, CEO Garth Lagerwey promised more big moves in the new year.
191	After leaving the series, he had a prolific acting career before retiring from the entertainment industry at 58.
192	After monitoring his protein, he became a patient of a former middle school friend who was a doctor, Dr. Jamie Bell.
193	After multiple interviews and an extensive background check, she was nominated and selected to serve at the White House.
194	After nearly four years, Ghost of Tsushima is finally available on PC.
195	After Pinochet’s fall, Góngora helped restore the cultural vitality of Chile, reconnecting it with the country’s pre-Pinochet traditions and values.
196	After reading his prepared speech, the President who said he wanted to throw a jab, chided the Joe Ajaero-led NLC for regressing into partisan politics.
197	After Russia invaded Ukraine in 2022, Sweden—which had been geopolitically neutral for around 200 years—decided to apply for NATO membership.
198	After scoring 20 points in the first quarter, the Saints (17-6, 3-3) struggled to score against the length and size of the Warriors.
199	After several rough starts running a string of Kilwins chocolate shops, Jackson’s perseverance was recognized Thursday at an awards ceremony with family, friends and officials.
200	After she died, he bought her a mausoleum and visited her constantly for two years before deciding to take her body home with him.
201	After signing the new bill, Gov. Newsom announced that the state’s $267 million investment in local law enforcement has produced strong results in tackling organized criminal activity.
202	After some back and forth, he flew to the U.K. in 2018 to discuss a potential collaboration with her.
203	After starting his fellowship at the University of California, San Francisco, in July 2020, Bodansky began taking care of kids who were critically ill with what came to be known as multi-system inflammatory syndrome in children, or MIS-C.
204	After such a tragic accident, it is important to consider what can be done to make roads safer.
205	"After that I had to remove the fuel tanks and some other equipment to make space for the sleeping compartment - I got busy with my angle grinder."
206	After that, the law will be sent to the Labor and Welfare Committee headed by MK Eichler.
207	After the August 21 flood, student activists flooded social media platforms repeating Bhasani’s demand for decommissioning the Farakka Barrage in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal.
208	After the banter calmed down, he described how he and his teammate eventually became legends at the club.
209	After the Denver Broncos loss against the Kansas City Chiefs, Denver's chances of making the has dropped significantly.
210	After the game, the social media team dared a sad Wildcat fan to uphold a disgusting bet.
211	After the interview, Labour’s shadow health secretary said: “He should get on with it.
212	After their procession, the Carnival participants sheltered inside Guildhall Winchester to enjoy a performance from hatter Darryl J Carrington.
213	After their retirement, She and Omar travelled a great deal visiting family around the country, and later they wintered in Myrtle Beach, SC.
214	After the match held at the Nigerian Armed Forces’ Mess in Abuja, Harry and Meghan were surrounded by players, their families and a group of women who gifted Meghan a Nigerian fabric.
215	After The New York Times that said Trump was unhappy with the meager crowd he saw when he arrived at the courthouse for opening statements on Monday, Trump told reporters inside the courthouse on Tuesday: “For blocks you can’t get near this courthouse.”
216	After the shopping spree, climb, and walking more than 10,000 steps, my friend and I headed to the Brazilian restaurant Rodizio Rico, inside no other than the O2.
217	After the time I had to travel abroad but from broad, he was able to reach me on my birthday and after that interesting social media report that I was dead.
218	After this, the victim left in the direction of East Road and Willis also left the area.
219	After two of the brothers were killed and a third was presumed dead, the fourth was sent home as part of the U.S. Army's Sole Survivor Policy.
220	After we’re chatting for about 15 minutes, he said to me, listen, the boss knows you're in the building, and he wants to meet you.
221	A funeral will be arranged in the coming weeks.
222	A furious backlash from fans in England and threats of legislation by the British government forced the six English clubs to withdraw.
223	A further 44 hectares around the site have been designated as development land, paving the way for a fourth and potential further phases of NETPark, with the aim of eventually hosting 3,000 to 4,000 high-value jobs.
224	A future Labour government in would “open the books” in an attempt to restore financial transparency, the party has said.
225	Again in 2001, the alcoholic beverage stock gained 34% versus the benchmark index tumbling 13%.
226	Again, it’s good to start the saving habit small.
227	Again, our apologies all around for those who found this event disappointing.
228	Again, risk assessments do not reflect these incidents, and staff do not have any strategies about how to reduce this risk.
229	Against the spread, the Buckeyes are 6-6-0 this season.
230	Again, thanks for that frank, and accurate, admission.
231	Agapanthus can create a glorious display in summer.
232	A general view of fans during the 2024 Concacaf W Gold Cup semifinals between Brazil and Mexico at Snapdragon Stadium on March 06, 2024 in San Diego, California.
233	A general view of work in September 2009 on Edinburgh's tram project, in Princes Street.
234	A global animal charity has warned the perpetrator behind the brutal killing of a sheep in Oxfordshire is a "danger to the whole community".
235	A goal from a free kick for the Warriors saw them take a deserved half-time lead.
236	A goalless draw - the score in this fixture in the 2021/22 season - is priced 11/1 with a 1-1 draw 6/1.
237	A GRADE-B listed turret has collapsed on a South Ayrshire estate, requiring partial demolition to ensure safety.
238	“A greater sense of loneliness and isolation may also play a role, and there are implications from this study around how isolated people smell and taste food,” said Dr. Julia Low, a fellow co-researcher on the study.
239	Agree to abide by the Gorillabet365 terms and conditions.
240	A group of MPs have urged the Chancellor to consider cutting stamp duty for downsizers in the Budget as a way of freeing up more homes for younger families.
241	A group of young women and girls share their experiences on what life is like for them in the UK today (Back, left to right: Olivia and Tilly B; Front, left to right: Genna, Ella and Evie.
242	A half-liter of tonto retails for about 27 cents, compared to 67 cents for the cheapest bottled beer.
243	A Hamas gunman stands over them laughing, drinking Coca-Cola taken from their fridge.
244	Ahead of episode three and four being shown at the Helena Thompson Museum December 1, with recap episodes planned for November 30, I sat down to digest the first two hours of the series.
245	A herd of elk feed on a ranch in North Routt County in April 2023.
246	A heritable bank investment in a Scottish town is to go to auction.
247	A highlight was a social event at Totara Estate, the birthplace of New Zealand’s frozen meat industry, Mrs Kearney said.
248	A high-quality user experience is the result of high-quality processes for content management, web development and stakeholder buy-in.
249	A holiday park on the Jurassic Coast has received a coveted award recognising it as 'one of the best in the world' thanks to top reviews.
250	A homeless woman who was stalking another man has pleaded guilty to murdering Hollywood movie consultant and social justice activist Michael Latt after she forced her way into the victim’s home in 2023.
251	A horror two car crash in 's Whitsundays region that killed a woman and her pregnant daughter has claimed another life.
252	A HUGE athletics event is set to attract thousands to the county and boost the local economy.
253	A hurricane warning was issued for parts of the Big Bend and Florida Panhandle areas, while tropical storm warnings were posted for Florida's west coast, the southern Florida Keys and Dry Tortugas.
254	AI enhances payer payment integrity by providing real-time validation, detecting fraud, and ensuring policy compliance.
255	AIntivirus, a global initiative aimed at combating systemic corruption and promoting transparency, launches with a message rooted in the enduring legacy of John McAfee.
256	A “Judges’ Pick” also will be selected.
257	Akanji has since returned to training at the City Football Academy.
258	A key focus is “what’s going to happen for, like, the next seven generations,” he said.
259	A knife-wielding man chased his ex-girlfriend into a McDonald's where he viciously punched her, dragged her by the hair and stole her phone and keys while horrified customers watched on.
260	A Koofr 1TB Lifetime Cloud Storage Subscription is on sale for $159.99 (reg. $810).
261	AKRBF stock has remained sideways in the last 12 months and looks undervalued, considering the asset potential.
262	Alabama’s offense slowly warmed up but made 13 of 39 shots before halftime.
263	Alan Jackson Shares Story Behind 9/11 Anthem, ‘Where Were You (When the World Stopped Turning)’
264	A large body of data also exists that corroborates this.
265	“Alas, talks never materialized (nobody ever approached Clark), and ended before they could get going last week, when the superstar formally announced that she was headed to the WNBA next season.
266	Albanians just found Sir Norman’s brand of slapstick comedy hilarious.
267	Alberta's former deputy premier Sarah Hoffman responds to a reporter's questions at a press conference in Winnipeg on June 28, 2018.
268	Alberta’s superintendent of insurance is warning consumers to be wary of unlicensed insurance agents when buying car insurance.
269	Albies could be seen after swinging the bat looking over at Snitker and then seemingly grabbing his groin area in reaction to where the Braves manager had taken the baseball.
270	Alcaraz was at his best when it mattered the most — the last two sets.
271	ALD SA provides service leasing and vehicle fleet management services.
272	A leader in juvenile justice reform, Judge Stamm was the presiding judge of the Juvenile Drug Court Program since 2006 and was a dedicated advocate for problem-solving courts.
273	A lease is currently in place for the site, for a ten-year term, expiring on June 28, 2031 with a current passing rent of £17,500 per annum.
274	A legal challenge has been lodged against the Scottish Assessors, with claims bills were 240% higher than equivalent wind energy businesses.
275	Alexandra Maguire Rippon, AKA Mother Christmas, is giving away hundreds of selction boxes this weekend.
276	Alex Pereira and Jiri Prochazka will now headline the event, facing off on Saturday June 29 - and the news will come to a huge blow to McGregor's legions of fans who had planned a trip to Sin City in two weeks' time.
277	Alex Salmond when he was first minister, with John Swinney looking on.
278	Alia Bhatt On Turning Executive Producer For : "There Is A Lot Of Heart In It"
279	ALICE GRISNICH 1929 – 2024 Psalm 73:26 “My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever.”
280	Alice Guo, the 35-year-old mayor of Bamban, has found herself in the middle of a potential scandal over her origins and allegiances.
281	Alina Habba slammed by ex-Trump attorney for leaving nobody 'at the wheel'
282	Alisha Lehmann stuns in bikini in sauna as adoring fans say 'oh my goodness'
283	Alisha Weir is a Killer Vampire Ballerina in New 'Abigail' Trailer - Watch Now!
284	Alison, the This Morning star and Great British Bake Off host, spoke out after son Aiden gave his verdict.
285	Allanbank Care Home manager Sandra McNay said: “We are over the moon to be named Scotland’s Care Home of the Year.
286	“All claims of widespread misconduct were found to be unsubstantiated,” a company spokesperson said in a statement.
287	All donated blood then undergoes thorough testing before being used for transfusions.
288	All down to the final group game where winners can take all.
289	Allen’s ability to maintain a clean pocket will significantly impact his performance, both in passing and rushing.
290	Allen scored her second nearly two minutes later when St. Dom’s goalie, Alana Wheeler, misplayed Allen’s shot.
291	All four had their passports, banking information and phones destroyed in the fire, while 14 other tenants in the building were evacuated but nobody was hurt.
292	Alliance partners Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Janata Dal (Secular) have decided to conduct joint campaigns and form coordination committees with one leader from each party in districts where the regional party has a strong presence, sources said.
293	“All I can say is, it was quite an experience,” said one guest, a Los Angeles businessman.
294	All in all, the show was a testament to the late great Woody Guthrie.
295	All in the attempt to kill a teenage girl so she could murder a mother and steal her children.
296	All levels including complete beginners are welcome.
297	All M&A negotiations require a number of compromises, and understanding negotiation is vital, whether you are the buyer or the seller.
298	All of a sudden, I had to do the opposite.
299	All of them have parents and friends who are worried about them.
300	Allowing your four-legged friend to hang their head out of the car window is against the law and could see motorists prosecuted by law in the case of an accident.
301	Allow yourself to connect with your emotions and explore what you truly need in your surroundings and relationships.
302	All pieces were made of scrap pieces Morrow found along the way in life.
303	All public events from the company were canceled that year.
304	Allspring Global Investments Holdings LLC bought a new position in shares of Madrigal Pharmaceuticals in the first quarter worth $102,000.
305	All that remained of St. Mary the Virgin were walls, columns, and the bell tower.
306	"All the boxers from the last cycle, I followed their journeys.
307	All the familiar faces were there on arrival: the veteran Chilean photographer who likes shooting in black and white, the diehard current affairs reporters, the on-the-spot television crews and the old war horse Dowsley - now sporting a beard.
308	All the families of Ajah say no to the superimposition on Ajah Community.
309	All these comments reading like is one person alone posting.
310	All these taxes and raises are being paid for by you and me to people who find it almost impossible to balance a damn budget.
311	All this, however, became a mere dream following Bonnie’s young onset Alzheimer’s diagnosis in 2006 at the age of just 64.
312	All three are currently provided in the Senior Centers.
313	All three past pupils on the Q&A panel were presented with a Distinguished Alumni Award within their field.
314	All told, there are at least four separate criminal investigation underway involving Adams aides and his campaign.
315	All traffic being temporarily held and severe delays due to accident on M25 anticlockwise from J6 A22 () to Clacket Lane Services.
316	All welcome afterwards to The West Holme Farm Social Club, Mullen Road, Wallsend.
317	All your resources, Temtem, and story progress will come along for the ride.
318	Almaden Minerals Ltd. was incorporated in 1980 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.
319	Almost all of these polls were conducted before President Biden left the race, so these numbers represent a baseline for judging what might come next more than they measure where things stand today.
320	Aloe Vera gel is a clear, viscous substance present in the inner part of its leaves.
321	“Along the routes we’re talking about, particularly Bridgeport and Erb, there are also daycares there as well.
322	Along the way she has picked up a clutch of awards and directed work for the Citizens’ Theatre, the National Theatre of Scotland, the Royal Lyceum Theatre and the Traverse.
323	Along with a brief romance with Whiting, Hussey dated troubled actor Christopher Jones.
324	Along with John Mayall and Alexis Korner, the proto-punk band MC5 also will receive the Musical Excellence Award at the October ceremony.
325	A lot of models do suggest that the system crosses the Queensland coast and moves inland.'
326	A lot of people come on their own.”
327	'A lot of people don't have a clue what's really happening and that's why there's Trump derangement syndrome.
328	A lot of the cash withdrawals and cash transactions did not fit with normal business practice.
329	A lot of the young participants are second or even third-generation competitors.
330	"A lot of those little decision-making errors that may have crept in I think will iron themselves out."
331	A lovely aftershave, not my fave but a great staple for the price!"
332	Also, a reminder that THREE competitors from each block make the playoffs, so even someone at 4-4 (8 points) is still mathematically alive.
333	Also, Director Michael Allan Mcquade sold 200,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, December 4th.
334	Also for purposes of this story it's worth noting that Chemerinsky is Jewish.
335	Also in the crowd at the concert were market-sellers 34-year-old Ratna and 28-year-old Lisa who said that they had come to the event to support Ganjar who they praised for being “an intellectual candidate”.
336	Also, Moody’s recently downgraded Thames Water’s credit rating to “junk” status, indicating that the influential ratings agency thinks the utilities company is likely to default on its debt.
337	Also next to the reception is the sitting room and dining room which has cosy nooks to enjoy the scenic views of Arran and host family and friends.
338	Also, Onanuga said there will also be a drop in the huge demand for foreign exchange to import petroleum products.
339	Also on the B’s staff is former Providence Bruins head coach Jay Leach, who was hired as an assistant to run the defense last summer after a stint as an assistant with the expansion Seattle Kraken.
340	Also on Tuesday, Millbrook host Newport at Test Park, at 7.30pm.
341	Also, SVP Georgeann Couchara sold 2,622 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 13th.
342	Also, there are LOTS of cats in this story, for you cat people out there.
343	Also Thursday morning, DriveBC reported a southbound vehicle incident around 17 kilometres north of Kamloops along Highway 5, near Puett Ranch Road and the community of Rayleigh.
344	Alternatively, at the same time, they were also fanatics or just plain mad (the ‘mad mullah’ of Somaliland and the ‘mad Mahdi’ of Sudan, both proto-national heroes in the African history of resistance).
345	Alternatively, please contact our admissions office via email at for personalised assistance.
346	Alternatively, you can get a 48-pack of Energizer AA & AAA Alkaline Power Batteries.
347	Alternative options for food and drink are Rice Boat, which offers Keralan meals; the Thai dishes at Sala Thong; coffee and toasties at Bean Theory; and the more traditional English meals at The Granta and Millworks.
348	Although elected officials are required to keep city business and their campaigns separate, for the three mayoral candidates who are currently holding office — Mayor London Breed and supervisors Peskin and Safaí — the line gets blurry at times.
349	Although golden retrievers top the popularity tables for millennials and Generation X, collies rank first for baby boomers but fifth overall.
350	Although he explained that this is because of the National Association of Realtors lawsuit I was insulted.
351	Although I never got the promised perspective on how quickly its EV was improving, I should underscore that the Ocean as it was delivered had a lot of potential.
352	Although iOS 18 is now available for download, will not be included in the update.
353	Although it began in 2018, the camps didn’t start until after the start of the COVID-19 pandemic.
354	Although it may be a bit early for Halloween, the 'ZoominZebras' team names gave a nod to the big day at the end of the month with bats, skeletons, spiders, witches and pumpkins all featuring.
355	Although it retains the strengths of the broader range, the GT-Line 1.6T AWD gets more performance… at the cost of economy, and driveability.
356	Although its clothing ranges were once widely mocked for missing the mark, M&S cemented its return to fashion last year when it revealed actress Sienna Miller as the face of its autumn collection.
357	Although it’s not confirmed, Gerestein believes there are about 1,900 members in the riding as of the last election.
358	Although it's unclear how the FTC will enforce the rule, it could choose to pursue a few high-profile cases to set an example.
359	Although not every student will be interested in pursuing skilled trades, Drcar says they should consider taking these types of courses through secondary school to boost the life skills they will need both on and off the job.
360	Although parents and children co-sleeping in adulthood may be controversial to some, the actress spoke fondly about her ‘babies’, revealing that they they have a wholesome time watching films together.
361	"Although the building is the same, the area has changed quite a lot, and habits have changed I can tell you that."
362	Although the fundamentals favour further upside, in our article on Tuesday – we cautioned that “a technical throwback could be in play on the H1 charts with prices testing potential support levels”
363	"Although the markets are still pricing in a cut for December, the rate of reductions for next year has now slowed significantly," said Richard Hunter, head of markets at Interactive Investor.
364	“Although the pact consists mostly of regulations, there is a lot to be done and infrastructure to be prepared and staff to be in place,” she said.
365	Although they found 18,800 new customers in Q3, they are still lowering their guidance for fiscal 2023 to 70K to 80K new customers and Adjusted EBITDA to -$35M to -$25M.
366	Although TikTok is rising in popularity when it comes to consuming news, Blanchett has concerns about the accessibility of local journalism on the platform.
367	Although true power over the comp is retained by Rugby Australia and New Zealand Rugby, Mesley is young and has plenty of energy, and the fact that there is an Australian as the administrative face of the competition is no bad thing.
368	Although we have great sympathy for the staff member involved, as it had been a very stressful time for all teachers working through the pandemic, clearly his actions cannot be tolerated in a school where pupil welfare must always come first.
369	Alvear has exhibited work including several standalone fingernail sculptures at the Treize Gallery in Paris, which was said to deftly combine the “often separate realms of fine art, design and (the) beauty industry.”
370	Always use filtered water.
371	Alzheimer's UK designed the brain health checking tool as a way to empower the British public to make decisions that will reduce their odds of developing the condition.
372	A magnitude 6.2 quake struck off the shores of Indonesia's Sumatra island on Tuesday with the epicentre at a depth of 12km, the country's geophysics agency said.
373	A major focus is to recruit and increase participation of Indigenous and tribal communities.
374	A male and female in the backseat were both killed.
375	A male suspect was arrested in connection with the cocaine found in the cabin.
376	"A man, aged 21, was arrested at the scene on suspicion of murder, and he remains in police custody at this time.
377	Amanda Coffey, Deputy Vice Chancellor and Provost at UWE Bristol, commented: “Funding like this can make a huge difference to entrepreneurs at the beginning of their journeys.
378	A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following a sudden death of a woman in her 70s.
379	A man is due to appear in court following a “deliberate” fire at a property in Elgin.
380	A man is in hospital after crashing his bicycle on Rottnest Island near Perth.
381	A man walks through damaged school buildings affected by the eruption of Mount Lewotobi Laki-Laki volcano at Flores Timur, Indonesia, November 4, 2024.
382	Amazingly, Deslauriers has never been suspended even once since making his NHL debut in 2014.
383	Amazon’s new return-to-office ultimatum hasn’t just of employees threatening to jump ship to remote jobs.
384	Ambassador Adeng said sanctions impede peace progress and reiterated Juba’s call for the measures to be lifted to enable the country to build robust security institutions necessary for maintaining peace and protecting the citizens.
385	Ambassador Balz Abplanalp of Switzerland speaks on a panel about snow and ice melt in Boulder on June 4, 2024.
386	Ambassador Jose Manuel Romualdez said the Philippines had sought a meeting early next month with Chinese officials to ease tensions, not resolve territorial claims.
387	Amber Paaso, victim assistance director of Your Community Connection, speaks during the Utah Domestic Violence Coalition Advocacy Day at the Capitol in Salt Lake City on Monday, Feb. 5, 2024.
388	Ambient Experience also grants seamless audio integration.
389	A medium sized egg (~58 g) provides 66 calories, six grams of protein and 4.6 grams of fat, with over 20 per cent of the fat belonging to the saturated variety.
390	Amelie, student at Vandyke Upper School added: “I thoroughly enjoyed seeing my design come to life.
391	“America and the Zionist entity fear the Iranian response because they know that what they have done is evidence of weakness.”
392	America Ferrera Will Play Artist Ana Mendieta in TV Adaption of ‘Naked by the Window’
393	American Century Companies Inc. increased its holdings in SBA Communications by 15.5% in the 2nd quarter.
394	American Express’s quarterly revenue was up 9.2% compared to the same quarter last year.
395	American International Group Inc. boosted its holdings in shares of AvidXchange by 1.7% in the 2nd quarter.
396	Americans are voting for a lot more than their next president.
397	'Americans slandering Robbie Williams for Rock DJ as if it is not one of the best songs ever made.'
398	American women can do the same and use their voices at the polls this November.
399	A metal fence has also been put up around the back of the building in case of falling debris.
400	Amid miserable living conditions and the continuous threat to Rafah, many Gazans stuck there long to return home to the north of the territory.
401	Amid the controversy, Lin from former Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen on social media Friday.
402	A Ministry for Housing, Communities and Local Government spokesperson said: “In 2025-26, places with a significant rural population will receive on average around a 5 per cent increase in their Core Spending Power.
403	A minor in Rondo’s car was released to a relative, police said.
404	Amitabh Bachchan never fails to surprise fans with his intriguing and perceptive blog entries.
405	Amit Sharma says he had his ‘doubts’ about Ajay Devgn before Maidaan: ‘His image for me was of Singham…’
406	Amiya grew up in Isle LaMotte, and her parents home-schooled her through middle school, before she enrolled at BFA-Saint Albans in the ninth grade.
407	A model of Japanese resilience.
408	A model of the craft, dubbed…
409	Among people 35 to 50, a cohort including millennials and Gen X, binge drinking was at recorded in decades.
410	Among the crowd were Magpies under-18 players Callym McKelvie, Stirling Gallagher and Dean Hogland.
411	Among them, 13 winners will receive financial sponsorships to pursue education or work experiences outside Hong Kong, broadening their horizons and bringing fresh perspectives to our local creative industry.
412	Among the most beloved ways to experience the charm of the is by following its myriad of walking trails.
413	Among those who arrived by boat was one asylum seeker from Egypt, who was inside the Royal Hotel in Hull when it was set upon by rioters.
414	Amouei said Iran’s response to Israel was legitimate, adding that Iran does not want tension to flare in the region.
415	A multitude of swings, slides and roundabouts are tucked away in the city centre.
416	A mysterious fungus that has killed millions of bats in the eastern United States and left caves littered with their tiny carcasses has arrived in Northern California and appears poised to spread throughout the state, according to officials.
417	An ABC13 Weather Alert Day was in effect on Tuesday evening as a Severe Thunderstorm Watch was issued for southeast Texas until 6 p.m.
418	ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) – Anaheim Ducks forward Jakob Silfverberg says he will retire at the end of the regular season.
419	An alternate date, is scheduled for October 20 with the same times, Entegrus officials say.
420	Analysts anticipate that The Clorox Company will post 6.85 earnings per share for the current year.
421	Analysts caution that while the release of 1 million barrels from reserves might have some impact, it is unlikely to result in a substantial decrease in prices.
422	Analysts expect that Conagra Brands, Inc. will post 2.62 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
423	AN amber weather warning of heavy rain and flooding has been issued for Worcestershire.
424	An analysis of the rope recovered from the whale found purple markings that are used to identify trap fishing gear from the Pine Tree State, NOAA wrote in a statement Wednesday.
425	A nanoscale 'dinosaur' built using the new technique, imaged using the Thermo Glacios cryo-electron microscope at the University of Sydney Microscopy and Microanalysis facility.
426	An appointment is often taken as an opportunity to eat or steal, for lack of better language,” said one respondent.
427	An area of strong high pressure centered approximately 1,300 nm north northeast of Oahu is pressing down a tight enough pressure gradient over the local waters to maintain moderate to locally strong trade winds this weekend.
428	An Arvada, Colorado native, Byrne finished 8-for-14 from the floor.
429	A national seminar on the “History and Cultural Heritage in & Around Chilika” was held Thursday at Godavarish Mahavidyalaya, Banapur.
430	A NATO summit declaration in July used the bloc’s sharpest language to date, calling China a “decisive enabler of Russia’s war against Ukraine”, which the Western alliance warned would hurt Beijing’s “interests and reputation”.
431	Anchor Jonathan Karl said, “One of the proposals in the platform you’ve talked about, and Trump has talked about, is a mass deportation.
432	And a collab of sorts is happening soon for one of the newest members of the New Orleans Saints.
433	And Agatha was no different.
434	And always twirling, twirling, twirling towards freedom."
435	And another added: ‘Here’s a message, don’t smile on socials after you’ve played a part in one of the worst Man Utd performances in a decade of terrible performances.
436	And another shared their enthusiasm by saying: "Best eye gel/cream I've used!
437	And anyone who’s looking to have a federal job or do business with OPM or our customers.
438	And Apple fell from eighth to ninth place between 2022 and 2024.
439	And as dates for visits are put in the calendar, teachers find themselves paralysed by fear – I know I’ve experienced panic attacks in the lead up to an inspection and so have many of my friends in education.
440	And a second posted: “I hope so I miss her.”
441	And Blanche asked jurors: why would Cohen do any legal work for free for Trump?
442	And Brown knows it’s a game laced with danger if his team aren’t prepared for the backlash.
443	"And budgets would need to continue to grow each year as the population continues to age and the number of people with dementia and frailty continues to increase.
444	"And by the way, I don't either," she said.
445	And certainly, McKellen’s characterful countenance is put to expressive use: the camera lingers not just on his eye bags, but on a whole set of face luggage, all of it packed with spite and gleeful vitriol.
446	And Delap's fine footwork and natural strength saw him bully Ruben Amorim's back-line in Kieran McKenna's 1-1 draw with the Red Devils.
447	And did his cult following follow his hearse “to (not) midnight Mass and leave him in the lurch” ….
448	And during a news conference the day after, Mr. Champagne repeatedly emphasized that Canada wasn’t banning use of the app itself by Canadians.
449	And even Europe, the bastion of enlightenment values, is very unfriendly to free speech.”
450	And everybody in the community is going to be fine.'
451	And fan-favorite presentations including D23 Mousequerade: The Ultimate Disney Costume Contest, Disney Princess â€“ The Concert, Disney Character Voices: Inside the Studio, and more will once again return to the Anaheim Convention Center.
452	And for larger expenses, like pensions, no one imagines that pensions should be needs-based.
453	And former Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, the field’s anti-Trump standard-bearer, is not even campaigning in Iowa, preferring to focus on New Hampshire, which votes on Jan.
454	And, Harwood said, the increasing cost of storm damage should serve as an urgent call to harden the grid as climate change fuels more extreme weather.
455	And he did all of it in addition to his full-time job.
456	And he didn’t rise to power as a hot-head or doom-and-gloomer.
457	And he kind of left one day and just never came back.
458	And here’s a special treat: The superstar pianist Lang Lang recorded the waltz for The Times.
459	And her post is completely different from actually being there (where was she?) with the intention of honoring these heroes and showing the respect they deserve.
460	And he said alright.
461	And his recent social media activity shows that he is supremely aware of the Fox base’s extreme disdain for Harris and distrust of the media.
462	And how does it compare to a non-vegetarian diet?
463	"And I am glad that someone who was contributing to drug-related harm within our society has now been sentenced to time in prison.
464	'And I did get a, you know, little bit teary-eyed because I thought, "wow no one is above the law,"' she added.
465	And I finally confessed to her -- because, I sang 'Wizard And I' on the anniversary special, so I think she assumed, like, 'Oh, okay, yeah, let's do that.
466	And if they continue to not pay it, we’ll start adding those fines to their property taxes.
467	And if this becomes the prayer of every man and woman in India, this ancient, unhappy land will become new and India will shine, once again, in the splendour of the new morning sun.
468	And if you want an IR camera, you won't even find one on a regular phone, and even if you did, good luck finding a case with camera protection that will pass IR.
469	And I just feel really happy and grateful to be done and be closer to home and to start my residency," she said.
470	And in the case I had the other night you can travel to the shore for dinner too.
471	And in this particular case, communities of color shouldn’t be on the menu, she said.
472	And I respectfully say that that’s a good thing.”
473	And I said, ‘Lord, it is better for 1,000 stingy people to die than for one giver to die!
474	And it all looked to be plain sailing as Fermanagh led by six points at the break.
475	And I think it's amazing to me, the number of celebrities who agreed to appear - at some reputational risk.
476	And I think that is either delusional or they’re gaslighting the American people.
477	And it is there, at that edge, because it is almost entirely urban.
478	Andi travels too much as a human-rights lawyer and feels guilty because her teen son needs her.
479	And I try to spend all of my focus -- like you said, I haven't been talking publicly about this -- 'cause right now is the time for us to focus on the team and the individuals.
480	And its involvement gives the coalition deep pockets and the ability to detect and sequence but also respond to new viruses.
481	And it used to be sunny in Philadelphia.
482	And it was even easier for a fourth and Wolves’ sixth three minutes later.
483	And it was with that band he garnered his first recording project.
484	And it will empower Vladimir Putin.
485	And it will likely result in the weakening or elimination of countless rules protecting workers, health care, drug and food safety, the environment, telecommunications and the financial sector.
486	And I will not take ‘No’ for answer!”
487	And I would be open to a lot of the kind of reforms that Jonathan Haidt suggests, to some degree, of limiting access to social media.
488	And Joel has got thoughts.
489	And Kelowna has the fourth highest number of such campaigns on the GoFundMe platform, behind Vancouver, Surrey and Victoria.
490	And let’s just also be clear about that.
491	And looked at any number of ways, it's only getting worse: Experts agree that more people are becoming allergic to airborne irritants like pollen and mold, allergy symptoms are more severe, and allergy seasons are lasting longer than ever.
492	And look, there are wingnuts out there in the period of time between now and when the trial court’s role in this case ends.
493	And medical debt protections are often a Band-Aid for “out of control” health care prices, Kona said.
494	And must have come as an enormous relief to a player in need of something to lift his spirits.
495	And no excuses,” she said.
496	“And now she’s got two cars derailed.”
497	And now, when you have become unseen – this newspaper is shielded by extreme force of the Almighty.
498	And NXT fans noticed that Gallus’ Wolfgang & Joe Coffey were there, but their teammate Mark Coffey was missing.
499	And, of course, she is ineligible for the benefits that come with full-time employment.
500	And, oh I don’t know, in which city do you expect to play the club’s home games in the meantime?
501	“And on all four occasions, I’ve led actual MPs to a great degree of success – and I wouldn’t mind the chance to do it again.”
502	And on my phone, my mum messaging to tell me she could see smoke and people gathering, the helicopter circling overhead.
503	And other than that, her life went on as before.
504	And our goal is to manage the businesses, particularly the linear businesses, for free cash flow generation.”
505	"And people were starting to say, you know, people kind of quite like him in your performance.'
506	And Piddubnyi points out that calculating the true cost of rebuilding, while attacks continue, is impossible.
507	And President Wilson extended thanks to McDonald on behalf of his executive and the powerlifting fraternity for his and Fitness Expresses’ continued investment in the sport.
508	And putting on the immense performance certainly takes a toll on Taylor.
509	And repeat, all over the park, with different designs.
510	Andrew Wiggins was hot even if Steph wasn’t; he ended up with 21 points.
511	And shadow home secretary James Cleverly, also in the running, accused Sir Keir of 'rolling out dishonest policies'.
512	And she approaches the new fame with the internal self-deprecation and insecurity that fuels so many funny people.
513	And since land is forever, that payment will keep increasing.
514	And, since that judgment has been given, as at today, it has created all kinds of instability in the party.
515	And so, after completing various vetting procedures, security checks and training programmes, the calls began.
516	And so nothing authorized us to think that France was exempt from this risk,” said Laura Slimani, from the Fondation des Femmes rights group.
517	And so she was all flustered.
518	And so, we ended up planting a Freedom Farm for his widow, Ikhlas, who was now left without somebody who provided for their family and left without a father for her children.
519	And suggests Democrats’ increasingly affluent voters nevertheless strongly more expansively redistributive social policies.
520	And thanks in part to electoral maps drawn by Democrats who control the General Assembly, Republicans are in the superminority in the state legislature and only hold three of Illinois’ 17 congressional seats.
521	And that didn’t happen with the help of banks like Afreximbank,” the oil firm’s boss had stated.
522	And that is not just great for us but the whole the local community.”
523	“And that’ll be a very short gig, I hope, Jim.
524	And that man vanished into thin air, but left behind his stove pipe hat, and that hat remained on show in the manager's office for many years.
525	And that’s a tough combination to deal with.
526	And that was just the first of four straight Super Bowl losses, just to add to the pain.
527	'And the houses had become a bit rundown and there was mould so money needed to be spent on them.
528	And the John Lewis The Glow Beauty Edit is only £45, with contents worth £191 - that's £146 of savings.
529	And the logistics of showering at a local gym were insurmountable with two little kids, according to Delgado.
530	And then it just looked like his stuff kind of ticked back a little bit,” Shelton said.
531	“And then she died, and I thought, ‘you jerk, how did you not figure out a way to make that?’
532	And then they proceeded to do it better than anyone I’ve ever seen.
533	"And then we can transition creating this pathway for the younger players.
534	And then you can set up a trust if you have children, to pour over directly to your children.
535	And the only way for the GOP to become a sane, conservative party again is by ridding itself of Trump, which is why even conservatives who oppose Harris’s policies should vote for her.
536	And the pub, which is in near Kirkby Lonsdale, will now shut its doors tomorrow, Sunday February 4, giving staff some time to relax before reopening on Wednesday February 14 under new ownership.
537	And there could be an increase in income from any of those areas you’ve mentioned.”
538	And the Reds doubled their lead seven minutes later as Johnston beat Bards goalkeeper Smith to a loose ball near the right touchline and found Alex Cameron who produced a fine finish to avoid a Stratford defender on the line.
539	And there's a great deal on an iteration of a gaming laptop that's a Mashable favorite.
540	And the same works for pre-dinner prep too: have a few appetizers or drinks ready on hand for when guests arrive.
541	And the woman that won a Pulitzer Prize, she was commenting on my clothes.
542	And they have got to get up and get ready.
543	And they raise financing costs for dividend-heavy sectors that do a lot of borrowing, such as utilities, pipelines and real estate.
544	And they're available at some of your go-to retailers too, including Amazon, Etsy, and Nordstrom.
545	And this is the first time, really, that Harper has been able to do that.”
546	And this time it was Romeo Lavia who played the role of the mischief-makers he "You're a mid player regardless" on Palmer's ball.
547	” And this underscores the importance of this summit.
548	And this year it has placed the Birmingham German Market in the number one spot - ahead of other festive markets in cities including Edinburgh, Manchester, York and Nottingham.
549	And three local authorities have declared a housing emergency - Glasgow, Edinburgh and Argyll and Bute - all citing shortages of affordable housing.
550	And to be fair, there are certainly reasons for concern: ByteDance is a Chinese company, and Chinese laws stipulates that a communist government official must sit on their board.
551	And to the question of accessibility, I have been doing several social works for the Kalisu Foundation over the last nine years.
552	And truthfully, we have a lot of family health issues Jack should address, or make sure his own daughter is checked for.
553	And we are left with memories of one of the best species of womanhood.
554	And we know how it works in Nigeria: if I help you get an appointment, I become the god father you listen to.
555	"And we thought - what could be more epic than John Stamos singing about the end of humanity and linking our species' demise to an underwhelming immersive experience in Scotland?"
556	And what an opportunity he has in front of him this afternoon!
557	And what constitutes success for an academy when more and more Scottish youngsters are being sold as teenagers?
558	And what's going to be really interesting about this is that these multinational companies commit the same crimes everywhere.
559	And when Edith and other residents begin receiving letters full of unintentionally hilarious profanities, Edith rallies the town to charge Rose with the crime.
560	And when friends and colleagues shrugged, telling him that getting stopped and being asked some questions didn’t sound like a big deal, he let it lie.
561	And when it flows you have to let it go.
562	And when something righteous is driven by something rotten, can it ever actually dogood?
563	And when we are asking for a probe, Arvind Kejriwal is getting agitated.
564	“And when you see (the star players) now, who can even reach him?
565	And while I had thought that success would mean staying until the last possible minute, never giving up until I got pulled, I realized, "Whoa, no.
566	And while it was really disappointing not to hear him say “perspicacious” or “sensual” or “cruel” or “hyper-sexualised” (he said “tough”), the whole exchange embodied the sense of Carsley as the man who fell to Earth.
567	And, while Labour is widely tipped to win a majority when an expected general election comes this year, Sir Keir Starmer has a huge amount of work to do to convince people in the region he is the right man for the job.
568	And while we are surely fond of the Centennial State, there are other options that offer a similar set up, sans crowds.
569	And with her, Bea De Leon, Maddy Madayao, Gia Morado and a spunky Joanna Maraguinot made the Blue and White a truly formidable team.
570	And with Trump, not only this would change”.
571	And yet here we are, on an island, surrounded by water (which is the definition of an island, to be fair).
572	And yet, he says he is more grateful than ever to be alive.
573	And yet it’s never really explained again: How was this frozen corpsical still partly alive?
574	An earthquake swarm on Dec. 29-30 south of the caldera was accompanied by inflation shown on the Sand Hill tiltmeter—located southwest of the caldera—indicating a likely intrusive event in the area.
575	Anecdotally, more people - including youth of color - are able to get therapy than in the recent past.
576	An educated man like Shashi Tharoor must un- derstand the history of Kerala properly.
577	A neighbour's cat keeps using my garden as its VIP bathroom - how can I stop it happening?
578	Aneke directed the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to publish the order in a newspaper, allowing any interested parties to contest the final forfeiture.
579	An elevated trail through a pocosin in the Green Swamp Preserve, as seen on Sept. 2, 2024.
580	“A new coalition of abortion-rights groups is marking the second anniversary of the fall of Roe v. Wade with a pledge to spend $100 million to restore federal protections for…
581	A new exhibit at OMCA, Calli: The Art of Xicanx Peoples, explores those topics and more through intergenerational, feminist, queer and Xicanx-Indigenous artworks.
582	“A new lawn mower,” the golfer said.
583	A new outbreak of the virus was first detected in 2020 among wild birds in Europe.
584	A new scam is making rounds in Denver, according to the FBI, and it’s targeting E-470 drivers.
585	A new season of Big Brother debuts this summer on CBS.
586	A new study that has analysed weather patterns has revealed the best and worst days to have a BBQ in summer.
587	A New York Times by Gene Steurele and Glenn Kramon is the latest effort.
588	An example of the latter type of issue is that BPPE found Olivet University in violation of a "hybrid course" requirement -- but "hybrid course" is not even defined in the statute that BPPE said Olivet violated.
589	An explosion had rocked the complex of the state Assembly amid alleged moves by some lawmakers to impeach Governor Siminalayi Fubara on October 30, 2023.
590	Anfield Capital Management LLC grew its stake in T-Mobile US by 18.7% during the 2nd quarter.
591	Angela filmed her move, including the decorating process that her friend Solo helped her with.
592	Angel King, Kayla Mayo, Robert Monjaras, Richard Segura, and Jimmy Smith are now among nine fugitives being sought by the department.
593	Anghel told Fox News that IDF soldiers have almost zero trust in the U.N. peacekeeping operation and are convinced that Lebanese villages will quickly become Hezbollah ammo dumps again after Israeli forces withdraw.
594	Angie was delighted about her ex-husband’s initiative and support during her battle with cancer.
595	An illogical conflation that they will defend to their last breath, number 423.
596	An ILY—aka I love you—could be sent or received as a fortified like, as friendly affection or something indeterminably more.
597	An important point that none of us should ever forget.
598	An incendiary device was also found at a ballot box in Vancouver on October 8 after someone called to report that the ballot box was smokey, Benner said.
599	An Indian Air Force (IAF) officer filed a police complaint against her senior for alleged rape and sexual assault at Budgam police station in Jammu and Kashmir.
600	An initial response to the university’s application for a permit to continue limiting public access to the scenic site urges exploration of ‘alternatives that afford a level of access more similar to the time before the 2020 closure.’
601	An Intimate Evening with Santana: Greatest Hits Live: Presented by SiriusXM will start on May 10 and come to a close on November 10. Each show will take place at the House of Blues, located in the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casno in Las Vegas, Nevada.
602	"An investigation is underway into the traffic accident that took place outside of service," the Ministry of Defense said.
603	An in your area, for instance, may offer comprehensive lessons that cater to beginners and those needing a refresher course.
604	AN Irish expat who went missing on the Costa del Sol has been found ‘safe and well’, her family said.
605	An Israeli official, who spoke on condition of anonymity in line with military briefing rules, said the army estimates there are approximately 5,000–10,000 Palestinians still living in northern Gaza.
606	Anna S. C. Tirion et al, The sound of silence: The importance of bystander support for confronters in the prevention of norm erosion, British Journal of Social PsychologyDOI: 10.1111/bjso.
607	Anna Zauner, 26, was killed after fleeing from police for more than an hour in a stolen 2024 Honda CRV at high speeds and then losing control and slamming into a guardrail and overpass on the 5 Freeway in the Gorman area, according to authorities.
608	Annette Maruska has also seen the political shift in Williamson County since she moved there in 1986 – and she doesn’t like it.
609	Ann Marie makes her second appearance at the event the day after on July 5 after appearing at a different venue the year before.
610	Announcing the Congress decision on Wednesday, Congress communications head Jairam Ramesh said: “Lord Ram is worshipped by millions in our country.
611	Annual vaccination is recommended to ensure you are protected against the most common strains each flu season.
612	Ann will be joined on stage by local RNLI volunteer Chris Williams, sharing real-life rescue stories from the Hoylake Lifeboat crew.
613	An official inquiry concluded that the disorder could easily have cost lives.
614	An online petition, which has garnered over 24,100 signatures, was initiated by Wendy Scott, arguing against the proposed measures.
615	A nonprofit is working to build some back.
616	An Ontario Provincial Police officer was patrolling Highway 401 near Thickson Road in Whitby on Sunday at about 3:30 p.m. for speed limit enforcement, according to preliminary information via email from the Special Investigations Unit (SIU) Sunday night.
617	An opening reception will take place from 2-4 p.m. Saturday, July 6. The show will run through Aug. 10.
618	• An ordinance authorizing a $7,000 donation to Our House to help provide transformative care to families experiencing homelessness.
619	A North Yorkshire woman said she was “so proud” after completing a running challenge in memory of her mother.
620	An Otago woman once celebrated for turning $50 into a multimillion-dollar business empire is now facing investors upset at how recent financial problems have been handled.
621	Another added: "Harry and Meghan lied to the press and then they tried bullying them.
622	Another added: 'That Celebration will be Iconic.
623	Another concern raised by businesses was on the selection of Thromde Thuemi, mandated by existing laws.
624	Another example of old people not adjusting is wind and solar technology.
625	Another House Democrat said: "Listen, Trump has made rhetorical slips … Biden is going to make rhetoric slips, I think the key is his energy level."
626	Another incident on Belle Plains Road involved a man who drove off in his neighbor’s truck without permission, claiming he needed it to go to the store.
627	Another of their sons, James’ brother Harrison, was buried at the cemetery in 1935.
628	Another participant in the 1934 cold spell, the state’s coldest February day was in 2023 at the top of Mt. Washington.
629	Another person said: "Thanks Martin.
630	Another praised: "Excellent fan, looks great and works so well.
631	Another said: "This clown needs to be eradicated and banned from anything football related.
632	Another supporter claimed that Trump should get more protection.
633	Another user commented, “God of cricket.”
634	Another voiced their concerns, saying: "It contains more protein however it is more difficult to feed cats, always something left in the bag."
635	Another Young Liberal, Ulysse Abbate, says the party should be focusing on “easy wins”, such as a youth mobility scheme between the UK and the EU.
636	A Nova Scotia man has pleaded not guilty to several charges in relation to the Barrington Lake wildfire last spring.
637	An overdose of acetaminophen can cause serious illness and even death, and Health Canada warns children may be especially at risk of the effects of an overdose, "given their small size and developing bodies."
638	An overview for the event reads: ‘London Heritage Quarter is planning a summer of activity which will celebrate the area’s history, culture and community, while commemorating anniversaries such as the National Gallery’s 200-year anniversary.
639	An Oxfordshire MP has said he will be standing down ahead of the July 4 as his "plans changed" after suffering a stroke.
640	ANSARALLAH: We carried out 4 operations and sank a British ship.
641	Anthony Albanese backs new supermarket chain to challenge Australian 'duopoly'
642	Anthony Martial and Raphael Varane have already left the club following the end of their contracts summer transfer budget reportedly set at a modest £35million, the club are eager to bolster that figure through player sales.
643	Anthony Sericolo muscled his way towards the net and sniped home the Minutemen’s first goal of the season, just over a minute into the game.
644	Anthony Volpe sparked the Yankees' offense with a four-hit game Monday.
645	Anti-establishment figure Bassirou Diomaye Faye wins Senegalese presidential election with 54.28% of votes.
646	Antler is offering a buy two, get 25 per cent off discount - but you'll have to be quick to snap up this bargain (Image: Antler.
647	Antonio Tajani had "no power to review the accuracy of that list" and "did what he was required to do," the justices concluded.
648	A number of analysts have recently issued reports on OGN shares.
649	A number of Democrats have suggested they could reject a motion to oust Johnson, if the Ukraine aid package provides adequate relief for the war-torn nation.
650	A number of equities research analysts have recently commented on EQIX shares.
651	A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on RGTI shares.
652	A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on WCN shares.
653	A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of FLYW.
654	A number of new or replacement have been installed since Charles acceded to the throne in 2022, but existing stocks carrying the cypher of Queen Elizabeth II were used until now, in order to prevent wastage.
655	A number of other research firms have also recently weighed in on ASND.
656	An “uncommitted” campaign protesting President Joe Biden’s handling of the Israel-Hamas war is seeing success in other states after 100,000 Michigan voters chose the option in the Feb. 27 primary.
657	An uneasy calm hung over sections of the Old Capital on Friday night after Clansman enforcer Sheldon Lennox Walters, more popularly known as Termite, was cut down in an alleged shootout with cops.
658	An unkempt, overgrown lawn speckled with weeds can make your entire garden seem chaotic.
659	An unsung D-Day hero from has been recognised in a series of stamps set to be released to mark the 80th anniversary of the major turning point of World War II.
660	Any generated audio file can be organized, managed, and stored in the platform thanks to the built-in cloud storage.
661	Anyone going armed needs to be mentally prepared to draw down on LEOs.
662	Anyone nostalgic for the long-gone heyday of random celebrities diving headfirst into crypto, rejoice!
663	"Anyone wearing, carrying or otherwise displaying symbols that are supportive of a proscribed organisation can be arrested.
664	Anyone who’s somehow been able to log in will no longer be able to get online unless they can guess your new password.
665	Anyone wishing to volunteer, please send an email on turtle.
666	Anyone with information about the Nissan Rogue or driver is urged to contact the State Highway Patrol in Raleigh at 919-733-3861 or the Smithfield District Office at 919-934-2186.
667	Anyone with information should call Leicestershire Police on 101, quoting incident 747 of October 28. Alternatively, report details on the force's website.
668	Any other reading of these tea leaves is simply not reality.
669	Any potential entry points through cracks and small holes should be sealed off to prevent rodents from entering your house.
670	Any quota not used at this event will be reallocated to the March 2024 World Team Ranking.
671	“Any road users who may have camera footage (including dash-cam) and who were travelling on the M7 between J12 and J13 at the time of the collision are asked to make this footage available to Gardaí,” they state.
672	Any style of restaurant or cuisine type can qualify for a star.
673	Anything else is just sloughing off work on another.
674	Anyway, these four decades have not been a bed of flowers.
675	Anyway, who would appoint someone called Katanga as the top police officer?
676	Any weights will do, but Peloton sells its own ($55-$155), which are also available on ($55-$192).
677	Aoife is returning home to South Kilkenny from the capital and said she looks forward to her new role in Beat, which is located in the state-of-the-art Broadcast Centre in Ardkeen, Waterford.
678	A panel of Appeal Court judges heard arguments from civil liberties groups challenging the law, as well as from the government, in November 2022.
679	APAN said it was disturbed by the suggestion toeing the party’s line “is more important than standing up for the rights and lives of Palestinians”.
680	Apart from being a wild guest, Steve was entitled and acted inappropriately at timescaptain would want to host him again as he didn't come off as very likable.
681	Apart from the merger, Chevron ACES hydrogen initiative to seek low-carbon emission solutions outside of the merger.
682	Apart from this worrisome development, the Minister also stated that over 159 million Nigerians lack access to washing hands facilities, adding that the FG needs to build one million public toilets across the country’s six geo-political zones.
683	A passenger train passes through Weleri, Central Java, Indonesia, April 19, 2023.
684	A person familiar with the emails said they went to more than 120 undisclosed partner companies.
685	A person who I love and respect, a champion both at the collegiate and professional level, is retiring from the game –
686	"A police dog detained the man and tugged at his clothing until the dog's handler had safely detained the suspect.
687	A police spokesperson said: "A 68-year-old man from Blackpool was arrested on February 24 on suspicion of sexual offences.
688	A police spokesperson said: "Main road closed.
689	A popular village hairdresser is set to change its name as part of a sustainability and environmentally-focused rebrand.
690	A post shared by Norah?
691	Apparently, as per the Philip Bogenburger’s statement, some of these vagrants vandalized the interior of the Pulaski Post Office.
692	Apparently, the term “edge rusher” isn’t one Bill Belichick is too fond of.
693	Apple committed to address antitrust concerns posed by the European Commission surrounding its popular Apple Pay app, including allowing access to third-party mobile wallet and payment services.
694	Applications were distributed to become poll workers at the first two tables and students were invited to pledge to vote in the upcoming November general election.
695	Apprehension has enveloped the Haitian community in Springfield this week, said Vilés Dorsainvil, executive director of the Haitian Community Help and Support Center.
696	Approved concept designs for characters and buildings celebrating the history and culture of Reading.
697	Approximately 3.9% of the company’s shares are sold short.
698	A preliminary meeting of interested freemasons had been held in the school of arts building the previous October when it was decided to petition the Grand Lodge for the formation of the new Masonic Lodge.
699	A processing system was implemented to ensure that the collected data remains consistent and reliable during motion.
700	A prompt and impartial investigation into the attacks should be conducted.
701	A psychological thriller, JOB zooms in on two careerists of different generations, genders and political paradigms to examine what it means to be a citizen of the internet and our obligation to help the people who need it most.
702	AP Technology Writer Barbara Ortutay contributed to this story from Oakland, California.
703	A public health approach must be front and centre of the response to drugs – as it was for the global HIV movement at the height of the crisis.
704	AQR Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Linde were worth $56,775,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.
705	A quick and feisty player, her agility was obvious from the beginning.
706	A quick moving storm made its way through southeastern BC Friday evening bringing with it thunder, lightning, and strong winds.
707	Aquinas’ Jacob Guillen had a game-high 37 points on 12 field goals, including seven 3-pointers, and was 6-for-8 at the foul line.
708	Arapahoe County requires oil and gas operations to be located 1 mile away from existing and planned reservoirs unless downgradient conditions can be demonstrated and for a “setback” of 3,000 feet from residences.
709	Areas near Lake Livingston, located northeast of Houston, received upwards of 23 inches (58 centimeters) of rain over the past week, National Weather Service meteorologist Jimmy Fowler said.
710	A recent poll by the University of New Hampshire’s Survey Center this spring found 65% of Maine voters expressed confidence that the 80-year-old incumbent is mentally and physically capable of serving another 6-year term.
711	A record number of 14,009 people were accessing emergency homeless accommodation by the end of April, according to the latest figures from the Department of Housing.
712	Are Democrats Secretly Hating On VP Kamala Harris?
713	A rendering of the north-facing side of the LVXP resort planned on Las Vegas Boulevard, between the Sahara and Fontainebleau Las Vegas.
714	A renewed focus on collaborative global initiatives would signal a shared commitment to addressing issues that extend beyond national borders and demand cooperative action.
715	A report Thursday from RBC Economics showed retail spending slowed in November, with holiday spending slightly below 2023 levels over the Black Friday weekend.
716	A report Tuesday also showed sales at U.S. retailers held firmer than expected last month.
717	A Republican senatorial hopeful this week tried to cause a public uproar over an "out of control" problem in a major U.S. city — and inadvertently directed his rage at water fountains.
718	A resident on X.com who goes by the name, Chu Osakwe, stated, “This is Gbagada to 7up inward 3MB.
719	Are these achievable or actionable to maintain enthusiasm?
720	“Are they looking after one guy who may be for now safe … I don’t know, 10 stories underground somewhere in Gaza, while the people that he purports to represent continue to suffer in a crossfire of his own making?
721	“Are we as a society building something for the future and making sure the next generation does not need to deal with such issues?” he asked.
722	Are You a Lightworker Already Attuned to 5D Ascension?
723	Are you curious about how LeptiCell works its magic to support weight loss by reducing hunger and cravings?
724	Argentina and the IMF reached an agreement on the seventh review under the Extended Facilities Program which will allow the South American country to receive US$ 4.7 billion.
725	Argus downgraded Archer-Daniels-Midland from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 23rd.
726	Argus upped their price objective on Palo Alto Networks from $336.00 to $348.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 29th.
727	A ribbon cutting ceremony and tours of the facility are planned for April 18th.
728	Arizona State Retirement System now owns 4,231 shares of the textile maker’s stock worth $726,000 after buying an additional 78 shares during the period.
729	Arkadios Wealth Advisors’ holdings in Chimera Investment were worth $441,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.
730	Armenia - A section of the Dilijan-Ijevan road damaged by flooding, May 26, 2024.
731	Armenia could not find an answer to its most important question in Brussels, Sergey Markedonov, a leading researcher at the Center for Euro-Atlantic Security at the Moscow State Institute for International Studies, said, Report informs.
732	Armidale is also home to the University of New England and the Australian Pesticides and Veterinary Medicines Authority.
733	Around 3 am on Monday, as they approached Himayathnagar crossroads, the girl’s father, a 55-year-old employee of a private firm, got down from the vehicle.
734	Around 60,000 Israelis have been displaced from the country's north.
735	Around 700 hospitality workers walked off the job at Virgin Hotels Las Vegas as contract negotiations between the hotel and the Culinary Union broke down.
736	Around the barebones of the family story familiar to Vidia’s readers, Savi fills in the stories of the rest of the family.
737	Arrested charges are law enforcement allegations based on information received during an investigation and may not reflect formal charges filed by the district attorney’s office at a future date.
738	Arthur - who has snapped the royals for nearly five decades - recalled a few key moments which revealed the true intimacy of their relationship.
739	Artificial intelligence has the potential to transform various aspects of healthcare, from clinical decision-making to operational efficiency, but AI is only as good as the data that feeds it.
740	Artist, producer, fashion and cultural icon Pharrell Williams lands at number three on 24/7 Wall St.’s list of the 11 most popular rap & hip-hop artists according to baby boomers.
741	Art the Clown is set to unleash chaos on the unsuspecting residents of Miles County as they peacefully drift off to sleep on Christmas Eve.
742	A run of errors by Temple completely opened the door for UTSA and they tied the match at 16.
743	As a bloc, regional peace is a priority and will continue scouting for mechanisms to contribute to peace and security initiatives in all Partner States.”
744	"As a community of volunteers, employees, supporters and partners, we've improved the lives of millions of cats and transformed the way millions of people see and care for cats.
745	As a dependable ally of the United States and other international partners, the UAE says it works to confront and eradicate terrorism and extremism across the Middle East and worldwide.
746	As advanced as AI technology is, it is not possible to include 'gut feelings' in algorithms."
747	As a fan of the flavour, I think more could have been done - but it was a clear winner.
748	As a first-generation college graduate, I have experienced firsthand the impact of a college education.
749	As a group, analysts anticipate that BILL Holdings, Inc. will post -0.16 EPS for the current year.
750	As a group, equities research analysts expect that Pure Storage, Inc. will post 0.42 EPS for the current year.
751	As a group, equities research analysts forecast that AECOM will post 4.45 earnings per share for the current year.
752	As a group, equities research analysts forecast that Edwards Lifesciences will post 2.77 earnings per share for the current year.
753	As a group, sell-side analysts anticipate that Prologis, Inc. will post 5.48 earnings per share for the current year.
754	As a group, sell-side analysts predict that Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. will post 7.56 earnings per share for the current year.
755	As a leader, I have never flinched from delivering real results for my constituents.
756	"As a lifelong St Helens fan and supporter of the game, I know how important it is to communities across the country and I will do everything I can to champion the sport."
757	As alleged, on October 24, 2023, Coward got out of a car at a Lansing gas station and went inside, leaving a two-year-old child and the child’s mother, Huver, in the car.
758	As a major gold miner, Newmont's fundamentals are anchored on the price of gold.
759	As a matter of fact, I will soon be a fresher at Olabisi Onabanjo University (OOU).
760	As a motorist, it would be nice to have a bit more certainty.
761	“As a multimedia major, I am a hardworking, dedicated student who will do whatever it takes to succeed in life, ‘Live or Die,’” Hall exclaimed.
762	AS: “Andrew, I’m not going to say read my lips but listen to me when I tell you: I’m trying to lead Alba into the next independence coalition.” clash over Scottish independence.
763	As an organizer for the Hostages Families Forum, I have heard firsthand how committed Biden and Harris have been to the hostages’ families, and the warmth and empathy they express.
764	“As a predominantly Christian nation, as Christians, it is our responsibility that we elect a Christian leader, who is also a Christlike leader,” he stated while touting himself as the man to transform the country.
765	As a reminder, the surprised to the downside with both the hiring and quits rate falling below the pre-pandemic levels.
766	As a result, Dryland Event Management instituted a mandatory regulation stipulating the minimum volume of fluid riders were allowed to start with.
767	As a result, fans who want to buy something are encouraged to get to the queues early, find a merch stand, and make a purchase early.
768	As a result, Maher started to make an effort to attend Mass wherever he was stationed at the time — and found that it was not easy.
769	As a result, neither of the warships will be able to deploy next year, and neither will be operational again until mid-2026 at the absolute earliest.
770	As a result, there are cases where the patient is made to wait for several hours and even overnight.
771	As a result, there could be another wing of the company that continues to work on God of War, as the franchise is without a doubt the biggest and one that PlayStation currently owns.
772	As a result, traffic was heavy and motorists were advised to avoid the area.
773	‘As a result, trains running between these stations may be cancelled or delayed by up to 10 minutes.’
774	As a result, Ultra-Black Screen creates a realistic picture never before seen by the industry with astonishing depth and color.
775	As a two-time major champion, Norman used to be among the honorary, noncompeting invitees to Augusta.
776	As bad as all this was for the environment, in a second Trump term the changes likely won’t just be related to policy.
777	"As both fuels had not been billed within the last 28 days at the time of the request, the credit balance refund was not processed and we requested up-to-date meter readings.
778	As both the District of Columbia and North Dakota’s GOP primaries wrap up Sunday, many Republicans are preparing for Super Tuesday’s March 5 results, which will include 15 states and one U.S. territory.
779	As campaigning officially gets under way later today, Friday, Sinn Féin feels it has found its magic number of candidates, with the party insisting it is “in it to win it”.
780	A scandalous number of children are growing up in poverty, in care or are homeless in England's second city - meaning Christmas will be off the table for many this year.
781	A scan showed she had about half a dozen large tumours, the size of boiled eggs, on the right side of her liver while the left side has remained intact.
782	A scene remains in place around Coldcotes Circus and detectives from Leeds District CID are continuing to carry out enquiries into the incident.
783	As Charles navigates life on the streets, he is optimistic that his current situation will improve one day.
784	As Coles and Woolworths prepare for their annual general meetings, hundreds of their own shareholders have drawn battle lines in defence of an ancient species.
785	As concerns have increased, many companies have created policies about how video data is saved and used, as well as what options consumers have to control their data's destination.
786	As confetti fell and Frank Sinatra's "New York, New York" blared through the arena, the New York Liberty celebrated the end of a long odyssey.
787	A screenshot shared with Reuters shows a message sent by a relative to the dress shop after the Gharib family died: "The bride was martyred."
788	As Dr. Jagdeo stayed committed to addressing allegations which attempt to distort the PPP’s history, he addressed an opinion piece that was written by People’s National Congress-Reform (PNC-R) Executive Member Gary Best on Wednesday.
789	A second option might be to focus your search on single work colleagues, or people you know socially, and send Valentine’s Day cards to those you are attracted to.
790	A second positive review read: "Lovely jacket that I resisted for so long because I felt I had enough jackets.
791	A second red pair was also dirty and featured cream-coloured stains at the centre - which Maria quipped were signs of a 'very good time'
792	A secret copy of the long-awaited report into a second safe-injecting room in Melbourne should have been given to crossbench MP David Ettershank under little-known rules of the Victorian parliament.
793	As EDF has pointed out, the state is projected to reduce GHG emissions by only while the goal set by the state was 45-50%.
794	A serial killer is stumping the FBI, and a young recruit, Clarice Starling, is sent to get help from one of the leading experts in the field: famed and convicted murderer Hannibal Lecter.
795	"As far as fighting elections is concerned, (Prime Minister Narendra) Modi ji himself came to Varanasi but hails from Gujarat.
796	As far as Rock for Head of the Liquor Cabinet?
797	As far as the go-home show to a huge PPV this Sunday, this show was a home run.
798	As Frazier sees it, both the man and his birthplace were terminally “in between.”
799	As gorgeously (and tantalizingly) demonstrated in Rancho Gordo’s new cookbook, “The Bean Book: 100 Recipes for Cooking with All Kinds of Beans” (Ten Speed, $35), beans are indeed a magical fruit, though not in the way you heard as a kid.
800	As he told Meghan Kelly, he said Trump asked him to be tough as blank.
801	As he urges the rest of the crew to go off without him, he knows he’s leaving the future of the Marines in capable hands so he has no feelings about his own potential fate.
802	As he walked to the front of the stage, he turned around and lifted his kilt to reveal a large ‘Thank You’ written across his underwear.
803	As higher education minister, he toured the country opening and speaking at educational institutions, and during his brief stint as justice minister he traversed bogs with families of the Disappeared.
804	Ashish Kumar Saha, the Tripura Pradesh Congress Committee president, is the INDIA bloc nominee for the Tripura West Lok Sabha seat and former CPI(M) MLA Rajendra Reang is contesting from the Tripura East Lok Sabha seat as INDIA bloc candidate.
805	Ashish's greatest achievement includes leading a team to win the prestigious "Best Menu" award at the International Food Festival.
806	Ashley Fox, MP for Bridgwater, said that “this Labour government have been characterised by their assault on pensioners – from the WASPI women hypocrisy to their decision to scrap ten million Winter Fuel Payments.”
807	“As I close this chapter of my life, I can’t help but be forever grateful for the incredible people that I’ve met and valuable life/career lessons I learned through this decade journey.”
808	Aside from its ability to thrive in salt water, it is happy to absorb the pollutants of wastewater as nutrients, too, making it very friendly to the dwindling waterways of the planet.
809	A similar effort in Michigan this year yielded two delegates, against 115 for Biden.
810	A simplified calculation could be €1-2 per passenger.
811	As I noted then, he never once cracked a smile in the time I spent in his company.
812	“As intended, those holiday meals we shared together as a family are some of my fondest memories I can remember as child.
813	As interest in cannabinoid variations grows, many are curious about what Delta-10 is, how it compares to its more well-known counterparts, and what benefits it might offer.
814	As in the book, the characters and the themes and ideas all coalesce around his tortured Raskolnikov.
815	As I passed by those graves, I felt it was too emotionally overwhelming and I just had to sit down for a moment.
816	As is known, Alberto Otarola became Prime Minister on December 21, 2023.
817	As I went through the lists, on the last page it said it might be leukaemia.
818	As Kam notes, the default critical take after debuted at Cannes to general puzzlement seemed to be that Coppola had lost his touch behind the camera, or lost his control of the project.
819	Asked for a timeline, she said only that "it will be coming."
820	Asked if it was a missed opportunity, he told the PA news agency: “For sure.
821	Asked if Trump's visit to Georgia Monday was causing a disruption, Biden replied "I don't have any idea."
822	Asked whether she believed this would really be the final episode, Page replied: "I do 100% think that this is it."
823	“A skimpily dressed woman was eating an apple and throwing it on a semi-naked man,” he recalled.
824	Asking how different a captive population might be is a natural next step.
825	“As long as APC remains in power, the people of the state will never lack good governance,”
826	As long as domestic violence and sexual assault exist in this community, our aim is to continue to be a beacon of hope to those who are affected by it.”
827	“As long as the city wants it, it’ll still be here as long as I’m in this area.”
828	“As long as we can and keep voluntary blood donation then we have less risk of spreading diseases,” she concluded.
829	“A small minority of people can bring upset and fear to local communities, through vandalism or intimidating behaviour.
830	A small protest broke out in Hyderabad after the videos were shared on social media by some people who the police suspect want to fan out communal trouble.
831	As maverick Uranus keeps you on your toes in bonds at any level, Venus is working hard in your security zone.
832	A smelly washing machine can be frustrating, but with some simple steps, you can get your washing machine smelling fresh again.
833	As Nigeria joins the world to mark Workers Day, the civilian staff of the Defence Industries Corporation of Nigeria (DICON), have used the occasion to protest what they termed unfair treatment and transparent payroll practices by the management.
834	A so-called atmospheric river is rolling in from the Pacific Ocean, dumping immense amounts of rain and snow in California.
835	As office building values have crumbled in Boston, they have destroyed what had been a cash cow for city tax coffers, with projections, by the Boston Policy Institute, of a $1.5 billion or greater revenue gap over the coming years.
836	As of Friday, he was eight away from catching Magic Johnson for third-most in NBA history.
837	As of November 2024, a total of 12,646 Ghanaians have been deported from various countries over the past five years, according to the Ghana Immigration Service (GIS).
838	As of now, it remains uncertain whether Bijan Robinson will be available to play for the Atlanta Falcons in their upcoming game against the New Orleans Saints.
839	As of Sunday, HighSchoolOT had Scotland as one of the last five teams in as a No. 28 seed and heading to Sanford in the first round to face conference foe Southern Lee — a projected No. 5 seed.
840	As of today, Xbox and Amazon Luna gamers will also be able to join the expanding universe created by Kojima.
841	As of writing, there’s been no official confirmation on the show’s venue, ticket pricing, or availability.
842	A solar eclipse occurs when the moon is directly between the sun and the Earth, casting a shadow on the Earth.
843	As one of the leaders of the “Middle East Peace Group” at Brandeis University in 1974, Friedman criticized opponents of Yasir Arafat’s infamous speech at the United Nations and demanded that the Rabin government negotiate with the PLO leader.
844	‘As one of the most experienced football executives at the top of European football, Omar brings a wealth of football and commercial expertise, with a proven record of successful leadership and a passion to help lead change across the club.
845	As one prison governor put it: “This could cost lives, because staff are under immense pressure and are worried they might miss something, which could lead to an inmate taking their life or seriously self-harming.”
846	A SOPFEU patch from Quebec's forest fire protection agency, is seen on the leg of an employee near Lebel-sur-Quevillon, Que., Wednesday, July 5, 2023.
847	A source close to de Lesseps confirmed the pair buried the hatchet again saying “it’s all love” between the two.
848	A source said things "had not been rosy" with Ashworth for a few weeks.
849	As parties continue their preparations for the Lok Sabha polls, the Election Commission (EC) will begin assessing states’ poll preparedness with visits to Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu starting Sunday.
850	As part of a commitment to support new mothers with infant feeding in the local area, Humber Teaching Foundation Trust is partnering with Hull City Council to promote the Milk Trail.
851	As part of Evergreen’s 32nd Annual Holiday Walk, Speakers for Africa will host a free 7:30 p.m. Dec. 6 Ugandan music event in Evergreen’s main street parking lot.
852	As part of his offseason programming, Donovan took the team’s young core — White, Williams, Ayo Dosunmu and Dalen Terry — to Colorado to meet with Jim Loehr, a performance psychologist whom Donovan first met while coaching Florida.
853	As people see that capitalism is unable to solve the problems it has created, they begin to question the worldview put forward by politicians, bosses and the mainstream media.
854	“As players, you’ve got to understand stadiums you play in and (officiating) crews that you have.
855	A spokesperson for Hampshire County Council said: "The council is currently monitoring demand and signal timings at the roundabout and will make any adjustments needed to ensure the smooth flow of traffic.
856	A spokesperson for the football club said: “This vibrant event was not just a test of endurance as many had not run that distance before, but it showcased the girls' commitment to their cause.
857	A spokesperson for the new restaurant said: "We have been looking for an ideal location for the brand for sometime.
858	A spokeswoman said in a statement: “All RTE content follows clear guidelines in regard to impartiality.
859	A spotlight that doesn’t take away from them, that celebrates their humanity and frailty with grace.
860	As previously announced, long-time Locarno collaborator Nadia Dresti will head up the new board.
861	As rebels swept in, Russian spies extracted the dictator out of the country after Vladimir Putin personally approved the last-minute evacuation.
862	As reported by Monsters and Critics, the Palace doesn’t disclose many details when one of the senior royals falls ill, which seems to be the case with Kate.
863	As RFK said in his recent speech, – Trump reached out to him to see if they could work together.
864	As services across Northern Ireland are struggling to keep up with demand, many people like Pat’s son, Pete, 23, often battle an addiction on their own.
865	Asset managers such as Allianz Global Investors, Franklin Templeton and Gama…
866	Assetmark Inc. boosted its position in shares of NMI Holdings, Inc. () by 4.0% in the 4th quarter, reports.
867	Assetmark Inc. now owns 1,742 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $165,000 after buying an additional 265 shares in the last quarter.
868	Assetmark Inc. now owns 36,955 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,869,000 after purchasing an additional 8,678 shares during the period.
869	"As set out in section 65A of the Representation of People Act 1983, it is an offence to give a false statement on a nomination form.
870	Assets of the domestic economy posted a growth of a percent to 78.4 percent in the second quarter of 2023.
871	As she chewed on the giant cricket, which had a "little garlic taste," Jane exclaimed, "Oh, that's disgusting!
872	"As she's getting older now, she's settling into it really nice.
873	As Sikoa and his clan marched on, Jacob Fatu got the last word in, saying everyone’s favorite new catchphrase, “
874	Assistant Chief Constable Glen Mayhew said: “Following the recent violence seen in Plymouth on Monday 5 August, there has been an increased level of community engagement from Devon and Cornwall Police across our force area.
875	Assistant Chief Constable Stuart Houston said: 'We are aware of the outcome in court, and the matter will be considered by the Professional Standards Department for misconduct proceedings.'
876	As someone who puts a generous amount of creamer into my coffee, this fact becomes fairly obvious.
877	As stress can deplete specific vitamins, including A, B complex, C, and E, nutrition is important.
878	As Stroud points out, Maye possesses a strong scrambling ability – a trait that can prove lethal against defenses.
879	As such, in March 2024, the couple reported the matter to GPL.
880	Assuming there was no corporate ownership in your case, Bill, the 2003 value is your starting point.
881	A standard glass is full to the brim with small, floating, gelatinous specks that resemble tadpoles.
882	As temperatures continue to fall across Maine, Penquis is gearing up for its Coats of Kindness program’s fifth year of helping people stay safe and warm during the cold winter months.
883	As the advertisements on the electronic pitchside hoardings made one of their frequent switches to Arabic, briefly resembled flummoxed European tourists lost in the back streets of Jeddah.
884	As the ancestral home of all Yoruba, both here in Nigeria and the diaspora, we all owe ourselves the duty to transform it and make it more amiable, more welcoming as the poster place for all proud Yoruba,” Adefaye told the Governor.
885	As the auction kicks off, the hip-hop community and fans will undoubtedly watch closely, curious to see how much these emblematic vehicles fetch and whether this will mark a turning point in 6ix9ine's turbulent story.
886	As the Federal Government battled to end the tanker drivers’ strike, the NLC on Monday vowed not to back down on the planned protests.
887	As the inaugural seasons for baseball, softball, and cross country come to a close, the school is already looking ahead to the future.
888	As the officers stopped to speak to the men, they began to disperse and one ran down an alley where he "attempted to hide, but was located."
889	As the pair were being rescued, a third man swam to the safety of a nearby boat, which took him to shore.
890	As the release date approaches, more details about Batman: Arkham Shadow are expected to be revealed, particularly at upcoming events like Gamescom.
891	As the second man - later revealed to be a 42-year-old - is walking away, Nance opens fire, shooting him in the leg.
892	As the story progresses, the two not only share the same space but also have to stay dormant to allow the other to prosper.
893	As the Thunder Bay, Ont., couple prepares for transplant surgery in Toronto, we take a deeper look at the challenges faced by people with chronic conditions who travel long distances for treatment.
894	As they arrived in front of the cameras, the audience burst into rapturous cheers and applause, and Pat joked to Vanna that the two of them were now 'all grown up.'
895	As they suspected, enslaved people once worked at what was then called Everglades Plantation.
896	A stolen truck rammed a police vehicle and struck a police horse on Queen Street on Nov. 1, 2024.
897	A strong identity also characterizes the jewels that are part of the “Monochromatic Treasures.”
898	A strong magnetic anomaly locates towards central-southern parts of the concession is used as evidence to postulate that a stock of possible mafic (i.e., gabbroic) composition intrudes the Segovia Batholith.
899	AST SpaceMobile, Inc. ( sold 2,700 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, September 30th.
900	A student of the Vall d’en Bas School, Roser Reixach, plays the bronze bell at the church bell tower of the 12th-century Sant Romà church in Joanetes, Spain, June 29, 2024.
901	A sturdy wooden or wrought iron bench adds timeless elegance to your garden while creating an inviting spot for contemplation or dialogue with loved ones.
902	A summer storm that lashed eastern Kentucky for four days in 2022 dropped up to 10 centimeters of rain per hour.
903	A survey by carer support community Mobilise found 61% of unpaid carers aren’t looking forward to Christmas.
904	As watchmakers returned to their benches, they were met with a massive backlog and soaring waiting lists at stores.
905	As we await further updates, our thoughts are with the star involved in the incident and the entire production team.
906	“As we celebrate this milestone together, I want to express my deepest appreciation for your trust, support, and collaboration.
907	As we continue to improve our operations, we were hopeful this year would be a year of reacceleration for Yext, but we aren’t seeing this in our revenue or ARR growth rates yet.
908	“As we got off to a solid start serving Antigua, Dominica, St. Kitts, and St. Lucia earlier this year, we’re optimistic about the prospects for future growth and success across the broader Eastern Caribbean,” said Mr. Bayard.
909	As we head into divorce season, five unhappy husbands confess to me why they fell out of love with their wives.
910	As well as being a very proud Father to his 3 daughters, he was an inspirational Granda to his 6 grandchildren and 3 great-grandchildren.
911	As well as the new retail outlets, the company is also set to construct three detached, Grade A industrial units totalling 128,410sq ft.
912	As well as the NYC office task, Chérel will remain overseeing all global distribution.
913	As well as winning the Champions trophy, the Eccleston school also won the Spirit of the Games trophy for the way they conducted ourselves, which was voted for by the Year 10 helpers.
914	As we look ahead to 2026, let’s build a positive movement based on hope and excitement.
915	As we take action, we have to get paperwork intact”.
916	As with just about any desktop-based system other than Windows, macOS is simply less popular, too.
917	As you enter the café, you'll find a quirky interior with dark, mood lighting which creates a cosy atmosphere.
918	“As you get further from that moment in history where the disparity of wealth was such that people could build a house like this – and we’ve moved away from that thankfully – there comes a need to share the responsibility.”
919	As you use that power, make sure that you are staying true to activists’ wishes for a more just future.
920	At 6:16 p.m. on Wednesday, a 15-year-old male was arrested on an outstanding warrant on Amalga Street.
921	At 9:30 am, major gainers on the NSE included ONGC (2.29%), Wipro (1.65%), LTIMindtree (1.36%), Tech Mahindra (1.29%), and TCS (1.13%).
922	At a news conference in August, Mr Trump was asked if he would have regular press briefings in his new administration.
923	At approximately 10 pm, a prisoner telephoned Mr Flanagan’s parents, telling them what had happened.
924	At a press briefing on Wednesday, the Institute said the “Pre-Election Debate Series” would also include one Vice-Presidential Debate in Accra for selected candidates.
925	At dawn on October 14, 1943, an event took place which was the cause of the disorientation of all research in connection with the sinking of the TROOPER.
926	A teach-in on UW’s previous divestment from South African apartheid was held under “The People’s Kitchen.”
927	At each stage, the price for Hezbollah must be high.”
928	A team from the CCB arrested Kumar Jain and Kunal Jain on Saturday.
929	A Texas man was found guilty this week of starting fires at the historic Mason County Courthouse and an occupied residential structure on February 4, 2021.
930	At face value, this is a little high compared to most spot ETFs on the market – but the DDA Bitcoin Macro ETP has a significant advantage.
931	At first, it may seem too hard to post regularly.
932	A third commented: “Hold on, there’s no way!”
933	A third person has received a written warning.
934	A third quipped: 'The rat was a paid actor'.
935	At Hollywood High School, they surprised LA Rec&Parks and Girls Athletic Leadership School with a $25,000 donation, presented by 2022-23 Gatorade National Girls Basketball Player of the Year and USC guard Juju Watkins.
936	At Indora, a local resident Surinder Rana says, "Anand Sharma's campaigning is gathering pace."
937	ATLANTA (AP) – The new judge presiding over the racketeering and gang prosecution of rapper Young Thug and several other defendants said Friday she plans to move forward expeditiously with the trial, which has already dragged on for more than a year.
938	Atlanta Falcons quarterback Kirk Cousins (18) talks to Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Baker Mayfield (6) after the Falcons defeated the Buccaneers during overtime in an NFL football game Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024, in Atlanta.
939	Atlanta’s partnership with the Premier League is building.
940	At least 14 patients were taken to medical facilities outside of the county, the release added.
941	At least 218 have been confirmed dead after a deluge caused by heavy rains late on Oct. 29 and the next morning swamped entire communities, mostly in Spain's Valencia region, catching most off guard.
942	At least 50 flights operated by Indian airlines received bomb threats Sunday, according to sources.
943	At least four people were killed — one in the western city of Lutsk, one in the central Dnipropetrovsk region, one in Zhytomyr in the country’s center, and one in the partially occupied Zaporizhzhia region in the southeast, local officials said.
944	At least one demonstrator has been in the clashes thus far, according to Punjab’s chief minister, though Haryana police deny the allegation.
945	At least that is what Sarthak Gupta, who is a counselling psychologist at Lissun, a mental health platform, believes.
946	At least with Christianity or Islam or Judaism, it is a coherent, well-established worldview, people know what we believe and why.”
947	At Liverpool Crown Court yesterday, he told the jury he had returned to his uncle's home at around 11.30pm on January 23 and noticed £80 was missing from a paper bag he kept there, and fresh vodka bottles had appeared in the flat.
948	ATL United ranks top 10…
949	At one point, I was moved to tears because before the night ended, Missy was joined onstage by Virginia House of Delegates Speaker Don Scott and Hampton Mayor Donnie Tuck, who showered her with flowers, literally and figuratively.
950	At one point, President Dmitri Medvedev suggested that Russia would build and operate six aircraft carriers by 2025; obviously, that’s not going to happen.
951	“At our previous facility at CSU, we’d see young kestrels all the time.
952	A tram leaves Nottingham station.
953	A Trump campaign official would not say directly whether they planned to dedicate resources to the state.
954	Attempting to shut it down by describing it otherwise is Project Trump.
955	Attending West Virginia University, he was elected student body president and earned bachelor’s and law degrees.
956	At that point it became a race against time as Vicary had her water bill set to auto-pay.
957	At the ANC’s 112th anniversary bash in Mbombela he did publicly what the organisation’s grassroots organisers have been doing for some time – threaten people with the lie that, if the ANC is voted out of power, they will lose their social grants.
958	At the beach, the displaced were spread out over the sidewalk or in cars parked by the curb.
959	At the beginning of 2022, the group owed €4.99m to Pat McDonagh and €786,938 was repaid to Mr McDonagh during 2023, leaving a balance owing of €4.2m at year end.
960	At the end of 45 days, the cask is left with about 300 pounds of nutrient-rich soil, Harries said.
961	At the end of his shift, he parked the Tomcat in its place on the stage in Highland’s cafeteria, according to reports from the State Fire Marshal and Pocatello Fire Department.
962	At the end of June last year, the owner put the Fox on the market for £495,900 and it has been closed ever since.
963	“At the end of the day, we’ve lost 20 in a row.
964	“At the end of the day, we’ve spoken and we both agreed that if I’m playing well, I’ll play first grade.
965	At the end of year 12, Mr Martin quit his job to focus on landscaping full-time.
966	At the end of your quest, you will meet the radiant Deer Queen in our Neolithic Horton Longhouse.
967	At their presidential primary debate Wednesday night, Republican candidates Ron DeSantis and Nikki Haley fought hard to out anti-immigrant each other.
968	At the moment this is the right place for me to develop as a coach, I am a young coach.
969	At the risk of attracting some jibe even right here in this hall, I dare say that it was the hapless people of Imo state that bore the brunt of that perfidy, not Ikedi Ohakim,” he said.
970	At the same time, data for 2023 from HigherGov, a market intelligence firm, show the use of multiple award contracts continued to grow.
971	At the same time, he announced that the government would do its best for the underprivileged.
972	At the same time, his counterpart in Brazil, the far-right former president Jair Bolsonaro, has quickly faded into political irrelevance.
973	At the same time, reshaping our consumers’ lives at home by merging the rapidly changing pace of modern life with the pursuit of healthy cooking and convenience.
974	At the same time, she and Ms. Varlack were reviewing personnel and policies with “integrity and accountability” in mind and would make recommendations to the mayor.
975	At the same time, Will and Cassandra remain an item on the show, which eventually makes Emily realize that it’s time to move on.
976	At the time it said that the branches on Carmunnock Road in Castlemilk and on Paisley Road West in Cardonald would be closing on September 24 and September 25 respectively.
977	At the time of their purchase, The Center had endured years of deferred maintenance.
978	At the time, there was no vaccine nor any kind of antibiotics to treat our American troops.
979	At the turn of the 19th century, Trevithick created the first high-pressure steam engine.
980	At the weekend, Mr Farry slammed social media posts about him as “both rather sinister and pathetic”.
981	At this event, Steve Stockman will talk to Zac, Donal and Michael about their personal stories, with Mylie Brennan delving into what the stories they sing are all about.
982	At this step, all you want is to populate a table with your competitors and all the different ad networks you can think of.
983	“At times, it’s just not your day,” Clay said Tuesday.
984	At Westpac, there was “no impact to any Westpac customer-facing applications”, a spokesperson said.
985	A two-day celebration was organised in Khumulwng to mark the occasion, featuring a discussion panel and exhibition showcasing Maharaja Bir Bikram’s life and contributions.
986	A two-story parish center was added in 1977.
987	“Audiences will always be able to sniff out bullshit.
988	Audio is more relevant than ever before, and radio is the Swiss Army Knife every advertiser should use in its plans.
989	Audrey Gibson Cicchino, U.S. Secret Service RNC coordinator also said during a press conference that there would be to the security plan already in place.
990	August 18, (THEWILL) – The summer transfer window, traditionally a period of excitement and anticipation for football fans worldwide, has been notably subdued for Nigerian players this year.
991	Aumentado said there was an ample supply of dengue test kits and intravenous fluids that were already distributed in the 10 government-run hospitals of the province.
992	Austin Kruger performs at the Red Bull Shay’ iMoto.
993	AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Jáder Obrian scored two goals, Sebastián Driussi added another goal and Austin FC beat Sporting Kansas…
994	Australian Senator Lidia Thorpe (right) disrupts proceedings as Britain's King Charles III attends a Parliamentary reception at Parliament House in Canberra.
995	Australia's women's sevens team will take on the United States of America in the Perth Sevens semi-finals, but they'll likely have to do it…
996	A US woman senator, who has been accused of forcing her former chief of staff to perform sexual acts on her, had introduced a bill against sexual assault in the California Senate just months after firing him for allegedly refusing her advances.
997	Authorities are describing the conditions surrounding her death as "suspicious."
998	Authorities confiscated from the suspect, reportedly a newbie in the illegal drug trade, three plastic sachets containing 26 grams of meth worth P176,800, per the estimate of the Dangerous Drugs Board.
999	Authorities in some areas appear to be gradually easing restrictions on street vendors.
1000	Authorities say the criminal violence started in the prisons, due to disputes between gangs for control of the penitentiaries, national and international drug smuggling routes and control of turf for the sale of drugs.
1001	Authorities showed him the file only once, three days after the incident, when he was recognized as a victim and at a time when his testimony was the only information in the file.
1002	Authors of fiction, poetry, nonfiction, comics, graphic novels, and young adult literature will bring forth today’s complex issues, allowing audiences to be entertained and inspired.
1003	Automotive Properties Real Est Invt TR ( had its target price decreased by stock analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from C$12.00 to C$11.50 in a note issued to investors on Friday, reports.
1004	Auto sales also made a substantial impact, advancing by 1.6%.
1005	Avalon Trust Co acquired a new stake in Ovintiv during the fourth quarter worth about $34,000.
1006	Average funding for a full high-quality pre-K program for a particular child resulted in about 6 percent more students graduating from high school in counties where the program was supported, compared with counties with no funding at all, he said.
1007	Aviation analyst Gary Crichlow explained that some of the “assets” the Beluga ST will have to carry come with some operational anomalies.
1008	A "vibrant" 20 year old student tragically passed away unexpectedly due to a silent heart condition, which may affect up to one in 300 children and young people worldwide.
1009	Avichay Adraee, an Israeli military spokesperson, said in a press statement on Saturday that the Israeli forces are continuing the attack on “terrorist” targets in the Shujaeya area, fighting simultaneously above and below ground.
1010	A video shared on social media on February 4 showed the apartment building where the women said they had been sheltering in ruins.
1011	A viewer pointed out Gina’s DUI and her “messy divorce” as reasons she should not be giving anyone life advice.
1012	A view of the Bank of England building, in London, Britain July 3, 2024.
1013	A view showing the path that leads from the beach of Agios Nikolaos to the settlement of Pedi, in Simi island.
1014	A vigil to remember those who died is due to take place in Calais on Wednesday evening.
1015	Avocado boasts multiple organic and environmental certifications including Global Organic Latex Standard (GOLS), Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS), Made Safe and Greenguard Gold.
1016	• Avoid repeating strokes in one area or holding the razor too close to the skin.
1017	Award nominee, who played the role of Kizzy Reynolds in the ABC TV miniseries based on Alex Haley's novel Roots: The Saga Of An American Family (1976), revealed how Louis told 'the best stories of anybody I ever knew.'
1018	Away from the field spent five years as a policeman in Newport but it was in the world of sports analysis where he arguably had the biggest influence on the game of rugby, working as lead analyst for Wales.
1019	A week of tongue-in-cheek campaigning took place at the Crab and Lobster Tap in Ventnor after landlord David Weedon replaced the pub's Theakston Old Peculiar "backwards clock" which had enjoyed pride of place behind the bar for years.
1020	Awful Announcing has also reached out to 680 The Fan, but has yet to receive a response.
1021	A Wilkins penalty and another Barton try handed the Griffins a 22-5 lead, but Haydn Lewis crossed, and followed this with a cross field chip collected by Luke Roberts for a try, with Lewis converted to make it 22-17 at the break.
1022	A woman alleged she was molested by two personnel of a central paramilitary force in the Uluberia constituency and a police complaint was lodged subsequently.
1023	A woman has told a court that two men sexually assaulted her in a Cornish churchyard after she was separated from her friends on a drunken night out.
1024	A woman spilled the beans on her racy venture where she pockets $300,000 (£239,000) a year.
1025	A working smoke alarm can decrease a family’s risk of dying in a fire by nearly 50 percent.
1026	Axis Insurance said it made its initial investment in Magnes in 2015.
1027	A year ago today, I had just come home from the hospital after surviving a life threatening illness,” she wrote.
1028	A Yorkshire Water spokesperson said "A road closure is currently in place at Marfleet Lane from the junction of Hedon Road to Ceylon Street, and an inside lane closure on Hedon Road due to a burst water main.
1029	A young novice is sent by her convent in 1930s Austria to become a governess to the seven children of a widowed naval officer.
1030	A young West African man drifting through life who thanks to a mysterious phone call finds purpose — and love — in a country that though much colder than the one he left eventually melts his heart.
1031	Azerbajani MP: More volunteers needed to defeat Armenian ‘Wikipedians’
1032	Azhari gained a substantial following, particularly among the youth, due to social media.
1033	Azzad Asset Management Inc. ADV now owns 25,682 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,236,000 after purchasing an additional 688 shares during the last quarter.
1034	B1: Reef Underwood comes through with the bases loaded and two outs, with a 2-run single to LF to put South Torrance ahead early pic.
1035	Babalola encouraged the NUJIC executives to foster unity and transparency and to implement policies that benefit all members while upholding journalistic ethics.
1036	“Babe … I cooked the elves,” Hightower confessed to his wife, Chelsea, who was out Christmas shopping.
1037	Back again this year is the ice rink which transforms into a Bavarian Curling rink by night.
1038	Back in 1988, when "Beetlejuice" became a hit, two "Beetlejuice" sequels were immediately commissioned, and Hollywood was abuzz with where a follow-up might go.
1039	Back in 2016, the then 21-year-old Jamie began making keyrings at home.
1040	Back in 2020, though, there was a huge safety breach leaking terabytes of content, which undermines what’s valuable about the platform.
1041	Back to his feet, a big boot dumps Shire on the mat, before a series of right hands sparked an exchange of uppercuts.
1042	Bahrain and Indonesia have history when it comes to controversial encounters.
1043	Baird Financial Group Inc. now owns 694,970 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $320,173,000 after buying an additional 25,060 shares during the last quarter.
1044	Baker is a Phoenix native with a unique Indigenous background.
1045	Balian said in his 10 years working in welfare there's always been ups and downs with how many people seek services but the increase is new with and following the Covid pandemic.
1046	Bang nailed the Spears Tower on Shane!
1047	Bangura had previously claimed that he was acting lawfully, but his guilty plea to manslaughter meant that this was an admission that he was not.
1048	Bank of America raised their price target on shares of Public Service Enterprise Group from $84.00 to $88.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, August 29th.
1049	Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 20,356,072 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,034,276,000 after acquiring an additional 352,817 shares during the period.
1050	Bannister pointed to the correlation of bitcoin to stock markets and specifically the tech-heavy Nasdaq in recent years.
1051	Bannon made headlines in December of 2023 when he and former Trump Pentagon official threatened MSNBC hosts with revenge in the form of “prosecutions and accountability.”
1052	Banzai Ramen is open from 11 a.m. to 9 p.m., Monday through Saturday.
1053	Barclays lifted their price objective on Extra Space Storage from $188.00 to $192.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday.
1054	Barclays PLC increased its stake in shares of Entravision Communications by 52.2% in the third quarter.
1055	Barclays PLC owned 0.06% of Primerica worth $5,428,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.
1056	Barefoot countered critics who say DEI initiatives are political and privilege certain communities, arguing that DEI amplifies and represents underrepresented and marginalized voices, not privileging students over others.
1057	Barker, Barron and Law is among four entities that submitted bids for the Ministry of Natural Resources project.
1058	Barlow initially took a pressure washer before returning with two accomplices and stealing cash and jewellery amounting to more than £100,000.
1059	Barnhizer and Buie tied with a team-high 23 points for Northwestern, which shot 10-for-18 from three.
1060	Baroness Morgan said: 'I'm very sorry for the dreadful distress that has been inflicted on these families.'
1061	Barrel racer Ashley Castleberry races out of the arena during round three of the National Finals Rodeo at the Thomas & Mack Center on Dec. 7, 2024, in Las Vegas.
1062	Barron Trump waved to the crowd at Tuesday night's Trump rally held on the greens of the ex-president's Doral, Florida golf club.
1063	Based in Hollywood, south of the Los Angeles hills, Various Small Fires focuses on championing artistic voices that Kim Varet feels have been traditionally overlooked by galleries — such as those of Asian, Indigenous, Black and Latino descent.
1064	Based on data from MarketBeat, Asbury Automotive Group presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $257.
1065	Based on data from MarketBeat, Cboe Global Markets has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $190.
1066	Based on data from MarketBeat, LPL Financial presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $255.
1067	Based on data from MarketBeat, Royalty Pharma has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $46.
1068	Based on data from MarketBeat, the stock currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $136.
1069	Based on data from MarketBeat, the stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $165.
1070	Based on the NHA estimate, the DST will increase the cost of housing projects.
1071	Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice does find interesting things for Henry Cavill’s Superman to deal with, especially on the heels of what happened in his previous movie, and Cavill himself is up to the task of being part of this moral conflict.
1072	BBC DJ shared a picture of his dog Barney on his Instagram page as he announced the sad news.
1073	BBC Sport has asked the government for comment.
1074	BBC Wales has seen correspondence from a medical supplies company which had stopped its eHarley Street accounts "due to overdue invoices".
1075	Beacon Pointe Advisors LLC now owns 221,584 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,335,000 after buying an additional 25,149 shares in the last quarter.
1076	BEAUMONT — Taylor Neild looked on his phone this week, paused and read the instructions — better put, the requirements — that his father laid out if he was to assume control of the family business.
1077	Because most major basketball arenas—as well as most teams—don’t allow them.
1078	Because of this knowledge, she spoke with the school administration to get the program in place, something she said is not done often in early education centers like Hiatt Farms, Green said.
1079	Because the race was a top 3 winner race, this result was overlooked, but does show how rank choice voting screws up elections.
1080	Because the Trump administration had transgender individuals from serving in the military, President Biden overturning this rule via executive order actually increased the number of potential recruits and protected people who were already serving.
1081	Because you don’t know whether the medicine is good for you or not.
1082	“Because you listen to some of the players that are like, ‘Hey, don’t trust the media.
1083	Because you see it gets in the lungs, and it does a tremendous number on the lungs.
1084	Beckett was also handed a five-year sexual harm prevention order.
1085	“Become the White man they say you are.
1086	“Becoming a model was like opening a door to a new path for me, so I planned in my mind.
1087	Bedfordshire Police were even recorded as taking over one minute (61.34 seconds) on average to answer calls in June 2023.
1088	“Beech leaf disease is caused by a putatively introduced nematode, probably from Asia,” said Loyd, summarizing what is known about the problem.
1089	Been doing that for years.
1090	Before Armstrong met with players on Friday, two other Coyotes players — Lawson Crouse and Clayton Keller — addressed the media about their team’s situation before playing the Edmonton Oilers later that night.
1091	Before becoming an actor, he served eight years in the US air force, and sold cars in the years after his service.
1092	Before ending the call, she added: “We’ve reached the point where the lucky ones are those who die instead of surviving.”
1093	Before fleeing to the nearby Vault, the player has a chance to explore the area and communicate with the citizens who are understandably distressed.
1094	Before his appointment as the General Manager of North Central Railway, Kumar served as the Senior Deputy General Manager and Chief Vigilance Officer on North Western Railway, Jaipur.
1095	“Before I came to Canada, I was a lecturer in the university.
1096	Before in England, big clubs had more patience, but today everyone has a lot of pressure."
1097	Before long, he'll be back to being a pauper again.
1098	Before Mark can gauge if his father is telling the truth, Viltrum invades Nolan's new home and promises Mark that they are coming to Earth.
1099	"Before the war, we had one or two funerals per week, maximum five," he says, wearing a white prayer cap that matches his long beard.
1100	Before you start selling to the local government, doing your homework is essential.
1101	Before you think this was some sort of money grab, the victim was ready to settle for just $750,000, but the water park insisted on going to trial where a jury decided to award him $9 million.
1102	Beguš also said that the AI stories were more likely to feature same-sex love interests in their stories.
1103	Behind the bar was a decent range of wine and spirits, a small cocktail menu and beer by the bottle and on tap - including local options from Kirkstall Brewery and Northern Monk.
1104	Beijing calls Taipei a breakaway province and regards it as part of its territory, to be reclaimed one day, by force if necessary.
1105	Beijing presented two giant pandas as gifts to the U.S. in 1972 after President Richard Nixon's historic Cold War visit to the country.
1106	Beijing’s techno-nationalist policies are more geopolitical than economic.
1107	“Being a Black artist … the cultural work that we have contributed to this country is the fabric of this country.
1108	“Being able to recruit and retain people that were multilingual to be able to provide the shore experience and the tours that we provide was a key part of being able to secure some of these new ships,” Davies said.
1109	“Being a farmer myself, I can definitely appreciate it’s all about the cost of water,” Sadeghi said.
1110	Being an agrarian state, farmers in their various categories (peasant and commercialised) have as a result been crying over the recent development in the state.
1111	Bellingham falls over in the box, the penalty appeal is more hopeful than an optimist buying a lucky dip Euromillions ticket, then it goes to Mainoo whose cross it straight at Dubravka (yet to make a save) in the Slovakia goal.
1112	Bell said via of the post.
1113	Bell X1 formed in 1999 and have lived to tell the tale, despite the notoriously fickle nature of the music industry.
1114	Below are more details about the scheme.
1115	Be mindful, however, that our efforts occur year-round.
1116	Ben Affleck Spotted Without Wedding Ring -- As Jennifer Lopez Stuns At Paris Fashion Week!
1117	Ben Ainslie had warned that his team would be “underdogs”, given New Zealand had had three weeks off racing to make modifications to their boat and scope out the opposition.
1118	Bendall went from room to room "looking for them".
1119	Ben Doyle in front of the house that belonged to the founding family of Montpelier.
1120	Benidorm has issued a warning to UK tourists flocking to buy pints of beer costing just ONE EURO.
1121	“Be patient and let him settle in, then he will create success, but it won’t necessarily happen immediately.”
1122	Bergen now has eight career punt returns for touchdowns, tying the FCS record set by Florida A&M’s LeRoy Vann (2006–09).
1123	Berlin-Mitte is where may national symbols - like the Brandenburg Gate - are located.
1124	Bernie Herman said he didn’t remember what happened next, but his gun went off.
1125	Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., would eliminate the payroll tax cap and assess payroll taxes on investment income.
1126	Besides improving generative AI in the medical domain (that’s an ongoing goal), we might also consider the somewhat startling idea of using more generative AI in our vaunted quest.
1127	Bessemer Group Inc. raised its holdings in Constellation Brands by 5.8% during the 1st quarter.
1128	Best-case scenario, she predicts, it will remain until winter.
1129	Be sure to explore additional offers on earphones, tablets, and laptops, making this Black Friday the ideal moment to upgrade your tech with Huawei's exclusive discounts.
1130	Be sure to follow the Greeley Stampede on social media to stay up-to-date on announcements, contests, and opportunities to be a part of the event.
1131	Betancourt: It's not located in a great area, as you can probably see.
1132	Bethel was the MP for ¼ of a century and I challenge my fellow Eleutherans to look around Eleuthera and point out one monumental thing that Philip Bethel did other than take, take, take.
1133	Beth Phoenix referenced it in passing mid-show, but otherwise, it left people really confused why Lucha House Party was picked before, oh, say Brock Lesnar or Seth Rollins.
1134	Betty was an excellent typist.
1135	Betty, whatever monthly rental amount you collect, that monthly rent times six, put that aside.
1136	Between 2023 and 2026, MVM Démász and MVM Émász will build new substations and modernise existing ones in Jászfényszaru, Jászberény, Gyöngyöshalász, Hatvan, Maklár, Miskolc, Mezőkövesd, Szeged and Szentes in addition to Soltvadkert.
1137	Between 3pm and 5pm, he drove it in the Alness area with three 15-year-old passengers also in the vehicle.
1138	Beyoncé's 'Cowboy Carter' makes chart history, Chris Pine makes his directorial debut with 'Poolman,' and 'Poor Things,' 'Talk To Me' and othe…
1139	Beyond these workshops, Mr Tucker has shared his expertise with various organisations, including the Transformational Centre, the Family Centre, and the Boys to Men summer camp, where he has inspired many with his leadership insights.
1140	BFA Law is concerned that Vista and Onex, as well as members of PowerSchool’s board of directors, may have breached their fiduciary duties in approving an unfair merger transaction for the benefit of the controlling stockholders.
1141	Bhool Bhulaiyaa 3 Box Office Collection Day 1 Early Trends Update!
1142	Bickham highlighted how tragic Lacey’s life was, pointing out she had autism, hadn’t spoken for years, and hadn’t seen a doctor since 2002.
1143	Biden aides and allies had been resigned to the prospect of the president using his extraordinary power in the waning days of his presidency to ensure his son wouldn’t see time behind bars, especially after Donald Trump ’s win.
1144	Biden has been so weak, pathetic, and incompetent as a leader that he allowed 13 American servicemembers to be killed in Afghanistan, which set off a chain reaction that caused Putin to invade Ukraine and Hamas terrorists to attack Israel.
1145	Biden has faced his own ongoing protest vote in recent contests as Democratic voters unhappy with his handling of Israel’s war with Hamas seek to register their disapproval.
1146	Biden was met with chants of “Thank You, Joe” from hundreds of union members as he and Harris came onstage at an International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers hall in Pittsburgh.
1147	Big Lakes County council has authorized its development officer to deal with a development permit in a direct control (DC) land-use district in Kinuso.
1148	Big Mac fans currently get two of those inside the world-famous burger, so who knows what kind of flavour this new burger could be packing?
1149	Big on personality, this one is created from the Portuguese Castelão grape.
1150	Bikers and their passengers totalled 52 of the 266 deaths recorded this year to October 16, a 10-year high and a 33 per cent jump from last year’s figures.
1151	Billam-Smith, who defeated clinch-heavy Lawrence Okolie to pick up the WBO belt last May, battled with a similar approach from Riakporhe for much of the fight.
1152	Bill Hillgrove was the voice of the Steelers for 30 years.
1153	Billionaire Clippers owner Steve Ballmer’s Intuit Dome will open in Inglewood next season, finally creating an exclusive home for the franchise that has labored in the shadow of the Lakers’ championship banners for a quarter-century of cohabitation.
1154	Billionaire Elon Musk on Sunday announced plans to shift one million people to Mars.
1155	Billionaire Hamas Official: Gaza Is ‘Destroyed,’ but That Is a Step ‘Toward Liberation’
1156	Bill loved watching and going to NASCAR races and was a die-hard fan of Dale Earnhardt, Sr., and Jr. He thought speed limits were recommendations, not laws.
1157	“Billy Connolly wore it in a fashion week in New York several years ago and it went to a charity auction and my uncle (John Whyte) bought it, but kept it in his cupboard for ages because it didn’t fit him.
1158	Bishop Auckland, though smaller, maintains a steady usage of over 150,000 entries and exits, with most trips directed to Darlington, underscoring its role in regional connectivity.
1159	Bishop saving Nathan was lowkey kinda powerful for me but maybe i just see what i want to see.
1160	'Bitcoin is not for those of a nervous disposition and in the short-term there are bound to be some choppy days.
1161	Bitcoin soared from January to April.
1162	Bitcoin’s sudden dip from its all-time highs was quickly bought up, but altcoins lagged in the rebound.
1163	Bitcoin, the leading digital asset, hit a low of $61,600 on Tuesday.
1164	Bit of a knee from Silva after Andrade landed a right to the body.
1165	“BJP has been relentlessly fighting against the Congress government in Karnataka for two months against corruption.
1166	Blackburn Magistrates' Court heard a witness followed the Toyota Prius driven by Asian Najeeb for 20 minutes as it travelled along Haslingden Old Road towards Blackburn on May 12, 2023.
1167	Black holes can be both fascinating and, sometimes a little frightening, reminding us just how wild and mysterious the cosmos can be!
1168	Blackpool fans have been making their transfer demands for the 2024/25 campaign.
1169	Blair William & Co. IL raised its position in Roku, Inc. () by 20.5% during the first quarter, reports.
1170	Blanche sputtered a question asking incredulously if Cohen was claiming to have relied on this exception.
1171	Blinded by anger, protesters during the last outing failed to see the fifth columnists and bad losers egging them onto perfidy.
1172	Blinken is in the region to seek support for principles that Washington hopes will guide what happens next in Syria.
1173	BLINKEN: We are focusing on our basic goals in the region.
1174	Bluegill fishing slowed down much of last week, but as a cold front approached last Saturday, the bluegill fishing fired up big time and my clients and I caught gills up to ten and a half inches.
1175	Blue said “the majority” of Canada Soccer’s effort to raise revenue will “involve incremental commercial and philanthropic activity.”
1176	BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 1,877 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $83,000 after purchasing an additional 1,679 shares in the last quarter.
1177	Boerema struck out the side in the bottom of the inning to preserve the lead.
1178	Boise was not mentioned in the department’s news release.
1179	Boltwood Capital Management boosted its stake in iShares MSCI India ETF by 40.8% during the first quarter.
1180	Bomai said that the committee after its deliberation, recommended N1.28 trillion adding that that from the projected revenue, N140 billion was for personnel cost.
1181	Bombs were made there during the Second World War.
1182	Book City is huge.
1183	Boosie faced ridicule on social media after users pointed out that the rapper seemed to be ignorant about the gay themes in the original book and movie.
1184	Boots recently introduced the collection which quickly caught the attention of shoppers, myself included, with its luxury look and budget-friendly prices.
1185	Boozer’s outlet passing is also a unique weapon.
1186	Bora expressed gratitude to CM Mamata Banerjee for allowing him to lead Assam TMC.
1187	Born in Samastipur, he began his cricket journey by training at a local academy before moving to advanced training facilities in Patna under coach Brajesh Jha.
1188	Born Oct. 5, 1936, in Tacoma, he started taking piano lessons when he was 5 and soon took up the marimba, a large percussion instrument with wooden bars that are struck with mallets.
1189	Born to parents Coco and Austria on Wednesday, October 23, keepers at the wildlife conservation charity say the female youngster is doing well and will be named soon.
1190	Bosnia sought EU help after a heavy rainstorm overnight on Friday left entire areas under water and debris destroyed roads and bridges, killing at least 18 people and injuring dozens of others.
1191	Boston-based National Development’s contractors are completing twin 1.25 million-square-foot warehouses at the former Rentschler Field, and Martin anticipates a grand opening as early as March.
1192	Both drill holes intersected encouraging clay, quartz, and hematite redox-style alterations associated with cohesive brittle structures up-dip of the radioactivity in CT24-009.
1193	Both education and health are essential for living meaningful lives.
1194	Both Ferguson and Reichert advancing from Tuesday’s contest under Washington state’s open primary system, in which voters do not have to declare a party affiliation to cast their ballots, and the top-two vote-getters move forward regardless of party.
1195	Both go down but are getting on with it.
1196	Both had pleaded not guilty to their charges.
1197	Both have their own benefits and drawbacks, complicating your choice between them.
1198	Both Hawaii and Arizona are already on permanent standard time.
1199	Both Meinerz and Powers deliver great kick out blocks, Wattenberg gets a nice back block, and Bolles makes an athletic play to get all the way across the play to get enough of a block on the play side backer to clear a hole.
1200	Both names would bring some sparkle to the market and potentially encourage other companies to take advantage of the new-found oomph in UK equities.
1201	Both princes attended the Royal Naval College, but Albert was nicknamed 'Sardine' due to his small frame.
1202	Both released by Oddworld Inhabitants via the PS1 in 1997 and 1998, respectively.
1203	Both Souder and Siegfried hope the bypass lane could smooth things out at the east entrance when it comes to travelers to Glade Park and park pass holders.
1204	Both versions will be discounted until the 128GB stock runs out, after which only the 512GB model will be available.
1205	Both victims are being treated for their wounds at the university hospital, police said.
1206	Both were taken to the Belize Healthcare Partners for medical attention.
1207	Both will introduce their proposals during the short legislative session in February.
1208	Boyle played under Gray when Warrenpoint sealed a maiden Premiership promotion in 2013 and re-joined his boyhood club on Tuesday after being appointed to interim manager John Gill’s backroom staff at Milltown.
1209	BOYLESPORTS are back with a sensational sign-up offer for brand new customers!
1210	BPD arrest reports say Victor Ponce-Hernandez of Bryan admitted to the attack and biting the victim in the eye.
1211	Brakamp, a purchasing department employee who was based out of Rio Grande Railroad’s Denver office, designed the company’s iconic monogram in 1939-40.
1212	Brandon police now have a crime support and suppression unit that's targeting drug-related calls and organized crime groups.
1213	Brandy was its original main ingredient.
1214	BRATISLAVA, Slovakia (AP) — Slovaks headed to the ballots Saturday to elect a successor to Zuzana Čaputová, the country’s first female president and a staunch backer of Slovakia’s neighbor Ukraine in its fight against Russia’s two-year invasion.
1215	Brazil criticized the "paralysis" of the UN Security Council on the wars in Gaza and Ukraine as it opened a G20 meeting Wednesday where the international community's deep divisions were on display.
1216	Brazilian electrical sector: what (really) matters?
1217	Brazil, LatAm’s digital commerce powerhouse, boasted a US$275 billion market last year, and stands out as a prominent force, ranking fourth globally in the number of digital buyers, according to Insider Intelligence.
1218	Breathe, stretch, and pose your way to better mental and physical health at the Landcraft Garden Foundation.
1219	Brechin-based Forster will work with the utility company to install panels and batteries for eligible customers in Scotland, England and Wales.
1220	Brechin got off to a perfect start with barely three minutes on the clock when Ewan Loudon picked up the ball midway in the Rothes half and surged forward before blasting home a cracking right-foot drive into the roof of the net.
1221	Breen appreciates the sacrifices his sisters made to support him as the family traveled around the continent for hockey tournaments.
1222	Brendan Llewelyn and Oliver Thomas crossed twice, with Macaulay Jones and Chris Prinsloo getting the others, James Watkins with seven conversions.
1223	Brett Paulsen found Alec Carlson for a 55 yard gain on the first play from scrimmage, but Kewaunee’s third turnover of the night clinched the game for the Bears.
1224	Brexit was polarising but those claiming Britain’s party politics is unusually divided today have forgotten a lot about the 1980s, including the miners’ strike.
1225	Bridgewater Advisors Inc. now owns 15,661 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $346,000 after buying an additional 1,813 shares during the period.
1226	Brillat-Savarin’s influential work, The Physiology of Taste, published in 1825, marked a turning point in culinary arts.
1227	Bring a friend and come join us for a great experience!
1228	Britain’s best-selling car has a new petrol model out for 2024, with an all-electric version waiting in the wings.
1229	British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, left, and Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese during the opening ceremony for the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Apia, Samoa, on Friday.
1230	British tourists planning to soak up the sun in the idyllic destination have been told: "You must complete a traveller declaration form (IMUGA) within 96 hours before your flight to or from the Maldives," according to the Foreign Office.
1231	Brits spend an average of £7 on food, coffees and shopping at railway stations before they set off on every single journey they take, according to a new study.
1232	Broadway producers were planning a musical about Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons, the 1960s pop stars with roots in the Newark area.
1233	Broadway’s longest-running show, has far outpaced the original production of Bob Fosse, John Kander and Fred Ebb’s dark vaudeville about Roxie Hart, Velma Kelly and all that jazz.
1234	Brodie signed the letter to UIC as the “Brady/Giglio Officer,” meaning she was responsible for the state’s attorney’s list of cops whose questionable credibility prevents them from being called as witnesses in cases prosecuted by the office.
1235	Bromley will face Chelsea U21s in their first ever season in the competition after securing promotion to the EFL for the first time in the club's 132-year history.
1236	Broncos’ Mike McGlinchey on rookie QB Bo Nix: “He’s going to do great things for us”
1237	Brookwood High School Principal Kellie Hubbard said coming out to football games isn’t just about supporting the football team, but rather supporting all students.
1238	Brother Brian, Germaine, Nouha and many friends in Colorado and Stamford, England.
1239	Browne's affection for Preston, as captain, is well known.
1240	"Brown, indigenous, Asian, trans, disabled, any body type, any gender, we are all worthy of having our lives richly and authentically reflected," she said.
1241	Brown, who is also a Guyanese chef and author of Caribbean Paleo, participated in the forum and shared her experiences growing up with Indo-Guyanese culinary traditions.
1242	Browse through the gallery to see more photos of Lily Gladstone, Riley Keough and more at the Under the Bridge premiere…
1243	Bruce is also debuting an accompanying sci-fi comic book series, illustrated by Staz Johnson.
1244	Bubba Wallace trails Chris Buescher by 17 points and Ross Chastain by seven.
1245	Buck loved family vacations at the beach, Auburn football and basketball, old westerns and World War II movies, but most of all, spending time with his wife and daughter.
1246	Buckvold has lived in the St. Cloud area for about 20 years.
1247	“Buddy’s been with me four years.
1248	Budzinski pressed DeJoy about his “Delivering for America Plan,” which proposes consolidating the Champaign and Springfield Processing and Distribution Centers in Illinois into the St. Louis and Chicago distribution centers.
1249	Bueckers fouled Clark with 3.1 seconds left.
1250	Buffeted by illness, the U.K. monarchy is short on principal players to keep the show on the road — and that’s a problem for the nation’s politicians too.
1251	Buffett clearly missed the company of his friend.
1252	Builder Dave Johnson is putting the finishing touches to block paving he has installed outside a market hall.
1253	Building a secure retirement starts with understanding your current financial situation.
1254	Build up points and check what they're worth in-store at the till, online via your account or using the app.
1255	Built 200 years ago, it was abandoned for more than 25 years and was derelict when Lee and Dawn Collins bought it.
1256	Burbank and Burroughs will learn their playoff fate on Sunday.
1257	Burlington Stores stock opened at $240.02 on Friday.
1258	Business in California shows NO signs of recovery and it's going to get a lot worse.
1259	Business Insights & AdviceWhat is last mile delivery and why is it so important?
1260	But according to psychicworld.
1261	But, according to the latest forecast, the wetter weather is set to return as we head into next week.
1262	But after awhile bad knees, backs and feet may put some restrictions on activities such as running, downhill skiing, etc. But we can often make some adjustments and find another way to get our outdoor exercise.
1263	But after the mauling Trump took from the MSM following his lackluster performance in the September 10 debate, don’t look for him to climb back into that ring anytime soon.
1264	But, again, don’t get too caught up in what happened Friday against the Blazers’ C team.
1265	But a growing number of Likud lawmakers have called for Mr. Gallant’s immediate dismissal in recent days, accusing him of being disloyal to Mr. Netanyahu and undermining the government.
1266	But a Labour London Assembly member was condemned after she appeared to celebrate Mr Freer's departure.
1267	But a merger with Elsevier, a Dutch scientific publisher, in 1993 transformed the group’s prospects.
1268	But a national reading charity has now decided to alter the lyrics, in a bid to remove references to and violence from nursery rhymes.
1269	But a newly appointed secretary can either maintain the status quo or issue new rules and regulations that will make it harder or easier to obtain loan forgiveness.
1270	But ARC says that Guyer has worked in the service of the people of Jackson County for two decades and is a lifelong Rogue Valley resident.
1271	But, as he makes clear, the concept of a coming Savior has always been part of the belief system of Zoroastrianism.
1272	But as the fateful night draws near, he feels drawn to the church, leaving Laura at home, all alone.
1273	But as they make their last stand, will the sacrifice of the superheroes be enough to save us all?
1274	But at an unscheduled morning press briefing, officials called the attack on the 24-year transit veteran “a cowardly act.”
1275	But at some stage in the night, a row between a group of women started.
1276	But at the last minute (after the good training sessions) I said I didn’t want it, that's the truth.
1277	“But at the same time, we have to win games, two very important games, and so all the focus for me, from the team, has to be on those two games.”
1278	But Batenburg has set up the MHL differently: Clubs pay nothing to join, and instead of mandating participants compete against each other, the MHL awards points for wins, whether they’re against league members or exhibition opponents.
1279	But because he was so drunk, DJ EFN and N.O.R.E. were having trouble getting him to sit down.
1280	But by the conclusion, I wanted it to feel that this was actually heaven all along, filled with the best people: women, queer people, people of color.”
1281	But by the end, the actors are careening through the fourth wall and onto contemporary Hollywood studio sets, firing guns and throwing pies.
1282	"But can we do it in a fiscally responsible and non-inflationary way?"
1283	But Carey's superb 67-ball innings, including eight fours and three well-struck sixes, took Australia to a competitive total.
1284	But China doesn't abide by the rule of law and continues to push it's unilateral claims throuh bullying.
1285	But doctors are concerned that coverage still may be tough for some patients, especially those too young to qualify for Medicare.
1286	But don’t worry—there’s hope.
1287	But due to the tumult caused by the infighting and eventual breakup of The Beatles, McCartney was much more inclined at the time to stay close to home with his wife Linda, away from the rest of the world.
1288	But eating a meal of such technical ambition without an haute-pâtisserie finale feels a bit like hearing a melody without the resolving chord.
1289	But Edu must face justice if it is established that she has changed committed any act of malfeasance.
1290	But England will start next season with a familiar dilemma about that position, with a trio of contenders vying for inclusion.
1291	But equally, the stuff that the opposition parties are feeding you?
1292	But even if you’re in a time in your life where you find yourself doing a hobby less, you can still stay committed.
1293	But even pin-straight types can quickly impart some volume and waves, thanks to the manually adjustable heat settings.
1294	But even though it never challenges the conservative majority directly, the filing makes a case, incontrovertible in its logic and factual detail, that the core of Trump’s subversion involved no official actions whatsoever.
1295	But eventually, valuable data ALWAYS escapes its cages.
1296	But experts said Ms Reeves’s doom and gloom had prevented Britain from doing better - and that fears over tax rises in her Budget threatened a further dampening of momentum.
1297	But fear not, as a robot vacuum cleaner could be just the ticket to keep on top of the mess.
1298	But fear not: Here are some key internet vocabulary words from the year defined.
1299	But first we have to capitalize on getting to the playoffs.”
1300	But fleeing the outbreak might be difficult as electricity attracts Evil.
1301	But for a heavier person, it should feel noticeably softer than that -- probably closer to a flat medium, which would make it a more appropriate option for side sleepers.
1302	But, for other ministries like special duties; how will they be assessed?
1303	But for those hoping to buy a home, pay rent, or afford groceries, it's not all quite as rosy.
1304	But hair, which was once obtained as a donation, has now become a way for Bangladeshi women to make some money.
1305	But he didn't realise he had been struck until after he went back inside and spotted strange arm marks.
1306	But he has been busy modernizing his arsenal of missiles and conducting tests of systems to attack South Korea and Japan, which host the bulk of U.S. military personnel in the region.
1307	But he's been champing at the bit to get back in the octagon ever since completing his painstaking rehab.
1308	But he sends it wide and Sydney push back inside 50. The Giants look a little rattled.
1309	But he was teeming with natural talent, had a great ear and a steady sense of rhythm.
1310	But his laidback, talkative demeanour conceals a fiery competitive drive.
1311	But his manager Eddie Howe has insisted all clubs could lose their best talent because of FFP.
1312	But his thinking would be an antidote at times to me and my cinematographer Jarin Blaschke’s arty-farty inclinations.
1313	But I didn't expect this, my phone has just blown up for the last four days.
1314	“But I don’t think hard circumstances should be used to establish state laws,” she said.
1315	But if the Steelers bring in Wilson, their competition would be between Wilson and Pickett even with Rudolph playing better than Pickett down the stretch last season.
1316	But if Tyla has her way, Water is just the first drop of an oncoming flood.
1317	“But if we focus on what we do and make a few adjustments to respect the opposition, hopefully we can get the win.”
1318	But if you are intentionally taking biomass out of the forest… where do you put it?
1319	But if you know where to look you can still find a relic of its down-at-heel Victorian past that once caught the eye of LS Lowry.
1320	But if you pause to think about it, you realize that most of the Bible characters had tough assignments.
1321	But if you want to order a REALLY good book including Jamie Farr, may I direct your attention to this book that I wrote, which Jamie was nice enough to grant an interview for?
1322	But I have since stopped it after graduation.
1323	But I just was happy to come out of that game with a ‘W.’
1324	But I'm sure this will ramp up as the day goes on.
1325	But in the view of Oleksandr, that’s the only possible solution, he says in a text message relayed through his wife, Oksana: “Shut down all the casinos and then everything will be okay.”
1326	But is it enough to run an extremely complex military apparatus with nearly 3 million employees?
1327	But is the drink, and more importantly, the snow, safe to indulge in?
1328	But it is worth stating that those games were played against Andorra and Northern Ireland.
1329	But it's appalling we have to do it ourselves.
1330	But it’s hard to quibble with great results, and Webb has pinpoint accuracy.
1331	But it’s the top suite, Bishops Quarter, that really steals the show.
1332	But it was her husband’s behaviour that finally pushed me over the edge.
1333	But I work hard to have other interests and worries.
1334	But Justice Batari interjected and asked “Thats if PPC knows where his men are?
1335	But like we talked about last year, viruses mutate as they spread, and so we really need to reduce that transmission between animals and between animals to humans.
1336	But many more restaurants specialize in cuisines that, while not meat-free, are inherently abundant in vegetables and legumes.
1337	But maybe evolution on Arrakis hasn’t yet fine-tuned in the name of efficiency—and perhaps that’s why the giant sandworms seem so pissed off all the time.
1338	But Medicaid will usually exempt the home if mom or dad intends to return there, and who doesn’t intend to go home if they can?
1339	But Miller says that for 17 years she’s kept the interior of her fence painted a light tan, known as “Universal Khaki” — more the color of a soy latte than the dark coffee color that the board wants.
1340	But Monaghan’s four-day getaway — a vacay she does not regret taking, despite the backlash — came just after she and her hubby treated their brood to a two-week tour of Europe, where the little ones enjoyed EuroDisney.
1341	But more importantly, you need someone who is not afraid to take a stand and make the hard decisions when needed.
1342	But more than this, there’s a space that both directors create around characters and action, a measured pacing that encourages us to grasp the seemingly insignificant details that mean everything once you notice them.
1343	But Mr. Chapek said he’d review the book and let him know if he had any questions.
1344	But Mr Ramkarran had a problem of a different kind to highlight that no one else has noticed, certainly not the opposition, which could not even bring itself to stay for the parliamentary debate on the setting up of the CRC.
1345	But neither Fenton nor Leyden has enjoyed any recent postseason success.
1346	But now, just over two weeks later, Kim has shared that Saint is back on YouTube.
1347	But now that he’s been told he’s Rudolph’s backup, he says he’s ready to accept that and get ready to be one play away.
1348	But now the Steelers have to bear Warren’s future in mind when considering Najee Harris.
1349	But now you can go to a brightly lit, fancy store with your mom and get lab tested shiat in whatever flavor you want?
1350	But often the mood among many Democrats over the weekend was one of determined rage.
1351	But on Friday evening, gunmen infiltrated the Crocus City Hall and opened fire, killing 139 people and injuring many others.
1352	But others in City Hall are more pessimistic.
1353	But Palce stressed that even an ordinary man understands that mining involves extraction of minerals from the soil which eventually weakens foundations and makes it vulnerable to such disasters.
1354	But Palmer went on to retire eight in a row at one point.
1355	But Pete was due home from work.
1356	But political analyst Dr Levy Ndou said MK’s strength should be judged by its performance at unfamiliar territory outside of support base in KwaZulu-Natal and Mpumalanga.
1357	But protests have flooded in from campaign groups who say it is an “unprecedented and disproportionate invasion of the public’s financial privacy, the effect of which will be felt most sharply by the most vulnerable” from the DWP.
1358	But resentment about being controlledwhether by health authorities, Democratic officials, or politically correct social media mobs— the ascendant faction of the Republican electorate.
1359	But she also noted that other students could see an increase in aid.
1360	But she is thriving and as long as she's thriving I see no reason to put her down."
1361	But she used mnemonics.
1362	But she warned that the storm would "severely" affect the island all day and into the early hours of Friday.
1363	But shortly after 10pm the blaze was well under control.
1364	But some challenges will prevail.
1365	But some ‘realistic’ talks will also be taking place with those who have deals for next season and beyond, who’ve not had a huge amount of playing time this term.
1366	But speaking to journalists during a campaign visit to Nuneaton, Warwickshire, on Monday, Sir Keir said growth is the answer.
1367	But sympathy may be thin on the ground when he takes to the field today as the Warriors look to stay top after another round of fixtures.
1368	But that did not mean Nuno was right for nobody.
1369	But that has not borne a bumper harvest as top tiers are formed largely through selection.
1370	“But that is the difference between a big campaign and a little campaign.
1371	But that’s hard to believe.
1372	But that was long ago.
1373	But that was not the end for Graham, who made it back to his feet before spear-tackling the WWE star.
1374	But that was really fun.
1375	But the 1990s explosion played a big role in opening up the coffee market to people who didn’t like the robust and charred notes of standard brews.
1376	But the 33-year-old, who has multiple sclerosis, said: “Training has been moving in the right direction and I still feel, as much as I’m getting older, I’ve got the capabilities to be able to medal.”
1377	“But, the ambience of it is brilliant as is the closeness of the audience.
1378	But the amount falls far short of the US$1.3 trillion per year needed.
1379	But the Bank of Canada isn't expected to start discussing rate cuts just yet, particularly since inflation rose last month.
1380	But the Bulls need something to help them stay at this level.
1381	But the carnage turned bloody when O'Boyle's sidekick, Josh McDonald - a 33-year-old martial arts champion dressed as Spider-Man - kicked and punched defenceless Lauren Scott unconscious, in footage that appalled viewers on social media.
1382	But the company stressed that nothing would immediately change for current or future customers of Sainsbury's Bank, as well as Argos financial services.
1383	But the court had ruled “that there are limitations on the Knesset’s authority, that it is impossible to harm the democratic or Jewish character of the state, that there are limitations.”
1384	But the department also said any business that thinks it is eligible should review records and their Schedule G tax form.
1385	But the DeSantis war on “woke” and corporations such as Disney is no path to the future, nor is the Trump war on truth, justice and the American way.
1386	But the “experts” touted their credentials, pointed to all the exalted prefixes and suffixes surrounding their names, and expected everyone else to obey.
1387	But… the fans have no clue what real life is for the actors who work 52 weeks a year to bring entertainment into their lives.
1388	But the fierce development of space technology continued.
1389	But the game was a close-run thing in the end, and Burnley came close to scoring a late goal to equalise, and send the tie to a replay.
1390	But the hardest part is doing it without centrist media outlets exacerbating the response by making it all a “thing”, as they did with Hillary Clinton in 2016 (and in Australia with the Gillard government a decade ago).
1391	But the hurricane has finally touched down, and we are picking up the pieces in real time.
1392	But the massive walls of ice, stretching more than 100 feet from the canyon floor to the rim, don't exactly happen naturally.
1393	But the Mets know who he is.
1394	But the monopolization of attention is not limited to technology.
1395	But then, of course, you try and find your own voice within it, and part of that is respect for elders and to have the opportunity to sit with those foundational players.
1396	But then the communists took over China in 1949 and sought to reassert control over their lost province of Tibet.
1397	But the Prime Minister is also seeking to draw a dividing line with Labour on security and defence following his pledge to raise defence spending to 2.5% of gross domestic product by 2030.
1398	But the principals from that first bid effort feel they succeeded in their original intention — to promote Utah skiing, even if they didn’t get the Olympics.
1399	But the process has stalled as the SPLM-IO protested the initialed protocol and withdrew from the negotiation, citing it usurps the powers of 2018 peace accord.
1400	But the Rams were up to the task, winning a track meet 44-42.
1401	But there are sites, which often look very similar to the official one, you should be aware of as they ask motorists to pay them a fee for these services on top of any fee payable to the DVLA.
1402	But there is probably only a relatively small window of cashing in opportunity while the catchphrase is still riding high.
1403	But the relegation-haunted side were on course for all three as they led 2-1 with just five minutes remaining, when equalised to snatch a point with a penalty awarded against Ryan Inman.
1404	But there was an oddity: The pens contained more than the specified dose of 1 milligram per injection.
1405	But there was one piece of good news amidst these annoyances, as Cadbury announced they were launching a beloved treat in a brand new flavour.
1406	But the town’s relative isolation, which was a benefit during the pandemic, is one of the other huge challenges the Frasers feel brings the town down.
1407	But the Trust remain fully focused on the club's future.
1408	But they are actually a very big deal.
1409	“But they are a strong unit - much stronger than their position on the points table reflects.
1410	But they did it in the end and their prize for doing so was to set up a tie against Bradley's Enniskillen side.
1411	'But they don't work.
1412	But they’re the most reliable targets Sellers has the room to find.
1413	But they saw six of the seven players drafted in action at the Senior Bowl.
1414	“But they stepped up and they did their job, and I want to thank them for that.”
1415	But this has to be done in accordance with the Palestinian Authority, the Egyptians, and obviously Israel’s authorities.
1416	But this overlooked chapter in our constitutional history is worth revisiting.
1417	But this quickly becomes a game of humiliation in which the invitees pair off with an entirely different member of the family.
1418	But this will change.
1419	But times as they are, perhaps it’s necessary).
1420	But Trader Joe’s — TJ’s, to those in the know — fandom has become its own cottage industry, with TikTokers and YouTubers developing followings for regularly rating and reviewing new products or visiting different locations to see how they compare.
1421	But unsurprisingly, the most expensive city in the UK to buy a pint is London, where most cost over £6.
1422	But voters reacted positively to what the opposition offered: a commitment to upholding constitutional principles and democratic representation.
1423	But Waghorn did kill the game off when he tapped in from close range after a superb cross from Smith.
1424	But we are what we are, in the eyes of God!”
1425	But Wednesday's episode (November 27) brought a dramatic twist.
1426	But we had to come and help, to do what we can.”
1427	But we have already started.”
1428	“But we have one more game left.
1429	“But, we’ll begin from The Station (opposite Customs House), walk around the East End up to Nobbys and Newcastle Beach, go through the underpass and back to The Station.
1430	But when April threw her hat into the ring, her comments weren’t well received and now, she’s apologizing and explaining herself.
1431	But when he plays at a high level, we’re a different team, and we can go to different things.”
1432	But when others are putting the blinders on us, we have become sheep waiting to be herded – and fleeced.
1433	But when unprecedented ticket demand (where the entire tour could be sold many times over at the moment tickets go on sale) is combined with that cannot cope with that demand, it becomes less effective and can lead to an unacceptable experience for fans.
1434	But where it affects the safety and security of people in Singapore, the peace and harmony that we enjoy, we do and we will intervene," said the minister.
1435	But White had a near-sack at the end of the first half when he rushed from the interior.
1436	But Whitman was too exuberant about democracy’s potential and insufficiently aware of its limits.
1437	But with diminishing investment in local journalism, many of these topics have been under covered in recent years.
1438	But, with interest, he was still owed much more and he hired a lawyer, sued Girardi in civil court and won a judgement for $12 million, the court heard.
1439	Buyers can also opt for the Customized Edition, which offers a sportier appearance thanks to its split grille, carbon rear spoiler, 19-inch alloy wheels, racing-style decals, and exclusive badging.
1440	Bwala said: “The governors in Nigeria, they are making concerted efforts to destroy this democracy.
1441	By adopting an opaque approval process that appears largely aimed at rejecting all requests, Florida health department officials have effectively barred transgender individuals in the state from changing the gender marker on their birth certificates.
1442	By April 1, booksellers would have also had to identify every explicit book they had ever sold to any Texas school district that was still “in active use” by that district.
1443	By August 2022, he took over the company from previous franchisee, Kerry Corney.
1444	“By breaking down barriers to accessing these programs, we are making it faster and easier for low-income seniors to connect to the care they need, when they need it.”
1445	By choosing the right games, managing your bankroll effectively, and embracing informed decision-making, you can elevate your online slots experience.
1446	“By communicating outside of the platform, you risk exposing yourself to identity theft or other fraudulent activities, especially if they ask for your phone number,” Cooke said.
1447	By contrast, the number of migrants taking the money continues to rise steadily, having been two million three years ago.
1448	By David Hamilton, The Associated Press on February 7, 2024.
1449	By December, though, her unit was told to stand down.
1450	By increasing liquidity, companies can create a healthier trading environment for their stock.
1451	“By joining, businesses invest in a brighter future for children while gaining valuable exposure and demonstrating their commitment to the well-being of our community.”
1452	By Palestine Chronicle Staff The site has already posted thousands of documents reportedly acquired by infiltrating systems associated with the Israeli Ministry of Defense and other ‘sensitive websites’.
1453	By popular demand, comedian Mike Birbiglia returns to Bay Street Theater.
1454	By standardizing these designs through open-source collaboration, we're creating innovative and widely adoptable solutions," Suryadevara says.
1455	By summer next year, the hope is to relocate that car processing to the Western docks too.
1456	By that, I’m talking about companies that are not exactly favored by Wall Street.
1457	By the time many patients are diagnosed their cancer has often advanced and they require urgent treatment.
1458	By the way, if you DO own this car, don't drive this fast on the streets; keep it on the track.
1459	By this point, it’s been well established that is something of a fashion icon.
1460	"By this time the house was dark and full of smoke so I closed all the doors behind me and went back outside to call for the fire brigade."
1461	BY using a combination of artificial intelligence (AI) and graph analytics, the Union Bank of the Philippines (PSE: UBP) detected fraudulent transactions.
1462	By using its own chips for cloud services, Apple can roll out advanced AI features that devices cannot handle alone, without requiring expensive processors from Nvidia.
1463	Caceres worked out of the inning without a run.
1464	CAF General Secretary, Veron Mosengo-Omba, said: “Media plays an important role in making the CAF Africa Cup of Nations a success.
1465	CAIRO/GAZA: Israel pummeled the Gaza Strip with new bombardments that killed at least 30 people on Wednesday (Oct 30), Palestinian medics said, a day after one of the deadliest single strikes of the year-old war killed scores in the north of the enclave.
1466	Caisse DE Depot ET Placement DU Quebec now owns 1,195,313 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $186,122,000 after purchasing an additional 554,807 shares during the period.
1467	Caitlin Clark offered two different thoughts about Martin’s speech.
1468	Calcium and vitamin D are essential for bone health.
1469	“Call it that me lose about $500,000 worth of equipment and fish to the storm.
1470	Calls are also being made to ensure the workforce is provided the necessary skills "to adapt to a rapidly changing technological landscape."
1471	Calls for the release of the embattled IPOB leader has grown since the turn of the year.
1472	Callum Fordyce admits Airdrie were architects of their own downfall by trying to play football in the grit of what was a relegation play-off decider.
1473	Came on and increased the intensity.
1474	Camera footage showed the suspect fleeing on foot, before getting on a bicycle – which police initially said may have been a rented e-bike.
1475	Cameron Murray (left) has leapt to the defence of beleaguered Rabbitohs coach Jason Demetriou.
1476	Camilla has made a beautiful nod to the late Queen Elizabeth II with her twin brooches in Worcester today.
1477	Campaigners have long called for changes to the road to make it safer.
1478	Campaigns are about messaging those wins.
1479	Canada can still advance to the quarterfinals with a win Wednesday that would lift the team into first or second place.
1480	Canadian National Railway PT Lowered to C$173.
1481	Canadian sprint canoe athlete Laurence Vincent Lapointe says she remembers feeling "too sick to move" between races.
1482	Can also be found on Facebook, Instagram and TikTok.
1483	Candidates for the primary election race to represent Colorado’s District 4 in Congress were sent requests from Colorado Community Media and the League of Women Voters Colorado.
1484	Candidates have sought to address widespread anger over corruption, and the loud call from citizens to eliminate it.
1485	Can England win their first international trophy since 1966 at Euro 2024?
1486	Can I check this information on another media platform?
1487	Can inquiry ‘get to the bottom’ of foreign interference?
1488	Can I own a Bald Eagle?
1489	Can someone just give gas for free?”
1490	Can’t even compare.
1491	Can the Rams pull through this time around?
1492	Cantor Fitzgerald decreased their price target on shares of Cipher Mining from $6.00 to $5.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 25th.
1493	Can Transformers One give the franchise new life?
1494	Cap10 and its partners faces a permanent injunction and up to $132,000,000 in damages in the case.
1495	Capital International Investors now owns 24,463,443 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,089,138,000 after acquiring an additional 1,341,559 shares during the period.
1496	Capital Power CEO Avik Dey said the deployment of SMR technology will provide an important source of power in Alberta in the future.
1497	Capital Research Global Investors increased its holdings in Alphabet by 14.4% in the first quarter.
1498	CAPREIT didn’t respond to CTV’s request for an interview – but said that units must comply with all safety standards, including those set forth in the National Building Code of Canada and the BC Fire Code.
1499	Carragher has already been working with a US broadcaster after becoming an analyst on CBS Sports.
1500	Carry out regular checks and maintenance of all farm vehicles, particularly brakes.
1501	Carson recently announced that it has rolled out citywide surveillance cameras.
1502	Carter’s reelection bid, which ended in a landslide defeat to Ronald Reagan, came on the back of several factors including stagflation (high interest rates and high unemployment) and the Iranian hostage crisis.
1503	Cartesian Therapeutics () last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, May 8th.
1504	Cartwheel and Ciclope squared off at 2:00, and Ciclope did a cartwheel and it angered Jack.
1505	Cast iron cooks food evenly and retains heat for a longer duration.
1506	Cast your mind back to the start of the tournament, and precious few pundits were backing Spain to triumph.
1507	Catherine began as a recurring character in the first season but soon became a main focus.
1508	Catherine, pictured here in September 2023, said she is undergoing preventative chemotherapy.
1509	Catherine, who married 26-year-old teacher Alex in Breaux Bridge, Louisiana, US, on July 7th 2023, said the moment has become a 'family joke' among her nearest and dearest.
1510	Catholic relics can be pieces of items that a church member who became a saint owned, like a shirt, or fragments of their body, according to The Associated Press.
1511	Cats may simply find the sound novel and appealing, he told HuffPost UK, and “the owner may have unknowingly conditioned their cat to the sound through a positive interaction.”
1512	“Caucus success comes down to having a ground game and being willing to work with the grassroots to turn people out to those caucus meetings.
1513	Cave lost one son, Arthur, aged 15, in 2015, and another son, Jethro, in Melbourne in 2022.
1514	CBC has reviewed emails that went to Higgs and Hogan from May 5, the day the review became public knowledge, to June 6, when the results of the review were announced.
1515	Cboe Global Markets () last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, February 2nd.
1516	CBP vets each one for eligibility and publishes the number of airport arrivals from Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua and Venezuela.
1517	CC junior center and captain Stanley Cooley was the hero for the Tigers at the end of regulation.
1518	CCTV footage revealed that Goss was on duty from Christmas Eve into Christmas Day and had visited 'B' wing around 9.45 pm while delivering post throughout the prison.
1519	Ceartas said, "At the local level, we're seeing both community-based and hospital-based violence intervention programs that take a public health approach to preventing gun violence by directly mediating conflicts."
1520	CEBU CITY, Philippines – A Singapore-like railway system is being eyed by the Cebu City government in a bid to improve the transport system in the city.
1521	Cedarcrest sophomore Laine McKenzie finished first in the 2A girls triple jump (37-7) and second in the 2A girls 200 (25.78).
1522	Cell viability was monitored using Alamar blue after 48 h (f) and represented as the mean ± s.d. of triplicates from one representative of two independent experiments (f).
1523	Central Catholic and North Allegheny, who each won Friday, will meet in the WPIAL 6A final for the third year in a row.
1524	Centre Director at Clarks Village Chris Davis said: "Work has already begun to bring back the incredibly popular festive ice rink at Clarks Village.
1525	CEO noted momentum and innovation, especially in AI solutions across search and cloud offerings.
1526	Certainly not, but it’s a great song!
1527	Cetera Advisors LLC’s holdings in Southwest Airlines were worth $886,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.
1528	Cetera Trust Company N.A purchased a new stake in Prudential in the 4th quarter valued at about $108,000.
1529	Chair of the Red Hugh O’Donnell Association, Eddie Crawford, has welcomed another important step in recognising the iconic chieftain with the twinning of Lifford with Simancas in Spain.
1530	Chaitya Bhoomi, where Dr Ambedkar’s last rites were performed after his death in 1956.
1531	Chalkstone Way: Until December 17. Multi-way traffic signals due to Suffolk County Council work.
1532	Chambers first opened Bird Bakery in San Antonio, where she was born, then Dallas, where she grew up, and finally Denver, where she attended high school.
1533	Championed by former Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey, Bluesky was an invitation-only space until it opened to the public in February.
1534	Chancellor urged to cancel the business rates increases.
1535	ChangeX is a community engagement platform designed to get funding and resources directly into the hands of ordinary people to lead impactful projects in their neighborhoods.
1536	Channel 10 was slammed by a judge for Lisa Wilkinson's Logies speech grandstanding.
1537	Channel One’s sound system.
1538	Channique Sterling-Brown, who stars as Dee-Dee Bailey, replied: "The pay off is gonna be so worth it when you have your gorgeous family home, You got this!"
1539	Chapman signed a one-year, $10.5 million contract with Pittsburgh in January after pitching for the Royals and Rangers in 2023.
1540	Characters like Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker have successfully absorbed Force lightning into their blades during intense duels.
1541	Charges of blood libel have spurred massacres of Jews throughout the centuries; the myth was revived by Hitler and persists today in places like Russia today.
1542	Charles Nelson scored 17 points for the Griffins (3-7).
1543	Charles Wilson, a resident of Russ Avenue, said: “On Tuesday evening I saw many flashing blue lights from the kitchen window.
1544	Charlton again talked about the Blake Christian-Will Ospreay match in Warrior Wrestling from a few years ago, and how it gave Blake so much confidence.
1545	Cheap booze and takeaways are all too common a sight in the popular seaside town.
1546	Check out more from the series here.
1547	Check out the top moments between the No. 11 Iowa State Cyclones and the West Virginia Mountaineers.
1548	Chega calls for tougher measures to fight corruption, stricter controls over immigration and chemical castration for some sex offenders.
1549	Chelsea, 29, was last seen on Saturday, Feb 17, according to investigators.
1550	Chelsea kick off their quest for a sixth successive crown with a new boss in former Lyon coach Frenchwoman Sonia Bompastor, who has the credentials to seamlessly transition into the post-Hayes era with similarly lofty expectations.
1551	Chewy had a net margin of 0.33% and a return on equity of 11.69%.
1552	Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Luke Little (43) delivers to the Colorado Rockies in the first inning of a game at Wrigley Field in Chicago on Wednesday, April 3, 2024.
1553	Chief Executive, Royal British Legion Industries.
1554	Chief Minister A. Revanth Reddy plans to lead a delegation of ministers to meet CEC to seek permission to conduct the meeting.
1555	Chigozie was accused of engaging in unlawful carnal knowledge with a minor (names withheld).
1556	“Child abuse is not just a social ill, it is a pervasive crisis that affects the very foundation of our communities, families, and most importantly, our children,” Scheepers said.
1557	Child benefit, which helps with the costs of raising children, starts to decrease when one parent earns £50,000 and is entirely withdrawn once they earn £60,000 a year.
1558	Children will receive a regular season game ticket, while supplies last.
1559	China captain Zhang Linpeng is in line to play in a crucial World Cup qualifier on Mar 26, 2024, days after quitting international football.
1560	China’s announcement of the ban – and the defiance of the Philippines and – has become an annual ritual.
1561	China’s debt has grown from $2.1 trillion USD in 2001 to $47.5 trillion USD in 2023.
1562	"China sells it chips and other components it needs to for keep its military production going," she says.
1563	China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi arrives at the ministerial conference during the 2024 Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC) held at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse in Beijing on Tuesday.
1564	China’s ruling party’s bureaucrats cannot solve the crisis of state capitalism—no matter how much power they centralise in their own hands.
1565	China today possesses advantages that could well lead it to a over the United States.
1566	China will finally make their move on invading Taiwan.
1567	Chisholm’s ambition did not stop there.
1568	Chivalrous Claude Duval making advances to a female passenger while his gun-toting accomplices rob the carriage.
1569	Chloe left the couple's home and went back to her parents house following the fight.
1570	Chloe said: "Courtney is still in a critical state.
1571	Chloe showcases her ability to balance work and play with finesse.
1572	Choose one of five playable characters.
1573	Chris Bowers of Sandwich said she has worked with Foltos for 33 years and has been to all of the Chop Around the Clock events.
1574	Chris Brown had left for work and was eliminated as a suspect.
1575	Chris Potter on Gambit's death in 'X-MEN '97'
1576	Chris Rigg is on the bench, as is Romaine Mundle on the back of his impressive showing against Bradford in midweek.
1577	Christina Manen, 37, of Ramsgate, who was the one to contact Mr Briscoe, was found guilty of manslaughter.
1578	Chronicle photo/MarkFrost The eventual buyer was Albany-based Hoffman’s Carwash.
1579	Chubb Limited has a 12-month low of $183.40 and a 12-month high of $231.37.
1580	Chuckles abounded throughout the car — but the musculature of the conductor's face froze white with rage.
1581	CIBC chief economist Avery Shenfeld said in a note to clients Wednesday morning that the message from the Bank of Canada is that there’s room for more interest rate cuts in upcoming decisions.
1582	Cincinnati is gunning for its first Super Bowl crown.
1583	Cincinnati took a 21-13 deficit into the half.
1584	Cinema buffs have long bickered whether Die Hard is a Christmas film, but one passionate debate has quashed the naysayers with solid evidence.
1585	“Cinnamon Bread” had the crowd softly singing along, careful not to overshadow him.
1586	CI Private Wealth LLC bought a new stake in shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum in the 4th quarter valued at about $82,101,000.
1587	Ciraldo said he had sympathy for Radley and Robinson.
1588	Cities are changing and the pre-internet bricks and mortar retail landscape looks unlikely to return.
1589	Citigroup increased their price target on Alphabet from $168.00 to $190.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday.
1590	Citigroup raised shares of Relx to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, September 17th.
1591	Citigroup reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $275.00 target price (up previously from $238.00) on shares of Chubb in a research note on Thursday, March 14th.
1592	Citigroup upped their price target on Foot Locker from $27.00 to $33.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, August 20th.
1593	Citing an RBI's recent report, Prime Minister Modi said that in the last 3-4 years, around eight crore new jobs have been created in the country.
1594	Citizens have come to expect the Chief of the Wadesboro Police Department, in this case Chief Brandon Chewning, to interview and hire their own staff.
1595	City have to defend free-kick on the edge of the box.
1596	City take up possession and remove the sting from the game.
1597	City went into the final as overwhelming favourites to get the job done and scoop a second successive FA Cup crown.
1598	Civic officials also said that the life support system will be equipped to hold 10 lakh litres of water and will comprise aquatic rocks and quarantine facilities with labs, that will be part of the aquarium project.
1599	Civil society actors are also concerned that the project, as outlined in the documents signed on Friday, will be personally overseen by Vučić.
1600	C Joe Tippmann limped off in the third quarter with an ankle injury.
1601	Claiborne County Mayor Joe Brooks and the City of Tazewell have announced a Veterans Day Parade for Saturday, November 9, weather permitting.
1602	Claiming that the GOP “is lost to fascism,” the posts conclude by challenging the Democratic Party to take decisive action against corporate power, asking, “Will the Democratic Party turn against CEOs in time to prevent total collapse?”
1603	Clarifying expectations and processes up front can help ensure a good fit for both parties and produce the highest frequency of good outcomes over time.
1604	Clarifying the situation (kind of), Charlie explains that a guy was returning a computer that either was faulty, or he just didn’t like it.
1605	Clarify that city departments may sell concession items, such as merchandise or food, to raise money for the department.
1606	Clarisa, who was 46 at the time, told her daughter Desiree she was pregnant in 2018 even though she had her tubes tied.
1607	Clark can probably expect teams to get physical with her in hopes of slowing her down but that doesnâ€™t seem to be working for Holy Cross so far.
1608	Clark has been candid about his status on social media.
1609	Claudia had bought her outfit specially for the day.
1610	“Claudine Gay’s morally bankrupt answers to my questions made history as the most viewed congressional testimony in the history of the US Congress,” Stefanik, a Harvard alum, said on Tuesday.
1611	Clayton Homes is an affordable home ownership manufacturer that specializes in offering high quality manufactured and modular homes.
1612	“Clearly, I thought maybe there was more out there.
1613	Cleverly’s vote went down and they knocked out their own man!
1614	Click here to get behind our velvet rope.
1615	Click here to learn about the other sections and enter the competition.
1616	Climate change has the potential to destroy an entire harvest, and that will leave communities without food for weeks (or) months,” she said.
1617	Clinton’s name appears almost 100 times so far in the material, tranches of which were released on Wednesday and Thursday, alongside other high-profile figures including Prince Andrew and Donald Trump.
1618	Clippers guard Terance Mann goes up for a shot in front of Toronto Raptors forward Scottie Barnes, left, and forward Bruce Brown, right, during the first half on Friday night in Toronto.
1619	Cllr Miller made his dramatic announcement during a meeting of Brierley Hill’s Your Home Your Forum on February 28.
1620	Clothing brands differ so much in sizes, I need to be able to try them on before I buy them!"
1621	CNN’s $3.99 a month plan comes out to less than 15 cents a day, and the network is offering pre-paid yearly plans for $29.99, which reduces the cost to about 8 cents a day.
1622	Coach Sides was an incredible representative of the Fever and our community, and we wish her nothing but success in the future.
1623	Coalition allies of Odinga’s party had also said last week that they would not participate in a unity government.
1624	COAL spews carbon pollution, contributing to climate change and creating breathing problems for people who are exposed.
1625	Coatue may have reasoned that Lucid was dragging its portfolio lower while the rest of the market was moving higher.
1626	Codi concedes that the sector she works in is one of the toughest, especially as we are all still reeling from the cost-of-living crisis.
1627	Coffee filters are useful items to keep around the living room and office for cleaning.
1628	Coffey lives on the peninsula and rejoices in having its real-life science right out his door: “The Palos Verdes Peninsula is unique in its geology in many ways.
1629	Coffin Joe was more than a character within Brazilian cinema.
1630	Cohen suggests "pre-bunking"—that is, a sort of proactive fact-checking in which media sources warn of possibilities for misinformation or people independently learn to recognize tactics of manipulation.
1631	Coinbase is advocating for the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to approve the listing of the Grayscale Ethereum Trust for trading.
1632	Coins that commemorate a significant historical event or period of time are often highly valuable.
1633	Cold front settles in, bringing cloudy skies and blustery winds.
1634	Coleman works in Building 501, a reception yard that houses new prisoners before they transfer “over the wall” into the general population.
1635	“Collective intelligence underpins the success of groups, organizations, markets, and societies.”
1636	Collier is the best player on the most surprising team in the league.
1637	'Colonial forces that inflict huge suffering and have committed horrific atrocities on First Nations peoples can’t then complain about protests against them.
1638	Colorado Rockies pinch-runner Jordan Beck, front, hugs Charlie Blackmon as he is replaced on first base after his single in his final at-bat in the third inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024, in Denver.
1639	Colts quarterback Anthony Richardson (5) has been good and bad depending upon the week this season.
1640	Columbia Police are investigating the incident.
1641	Combs also held leadership positions at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee and Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois before coming to INL seven years ago.
1642	Comedian hinted he wasn’t a Wallace fan on ‘8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown’
1643	Comedian Tracy Morgan was in a wheelchair for five months, broke every bone in his face, and says he considered suicide after a Walmart truck crashed into his limo on the Turnpike.
1644	Come extra-time, Shevchenko would be denied the chance to win the game after being denied by an out of this world double save from Jerzy Dudek.
1645	Coming back, she showed us a picture she recently painted of a hare, prompting her friend, Mrs. Wilson, to say: “That is beautiful, and so natural, Lorna.”
1646	Coming in 15th place, Ford has an owner satisfaction score of 67 percent.
1647	Coming less than 24 hours after an assassination attempt on the former president and presumptive nominee, Gass’ crass comment pretty much ignores the calls from politicians of all parties to lower the rhetoric and temperature.
1648	Coming off a rather physical NFC East matchup against the New York Giants on the road, the Washington Commanders have to turn around and get set for another physical, grueling matchup against the Pittsburgh Steelers in Week 10 at FedEx Field in Landover.
1649	Commander Randy Goddard of the Los Angeles Police Department told the New York Times, “It’s going to be our goal to ensure that the Academy Awards is successful, that guests can arrive safely and get into the venue.”
1650	Commenters on the post urged him to simply "live his life" without worrying about his neighbours' complaints as he isn't making excessive noise and his neighbours will have to deal with it.
1651	Commenting on the clip, a third person wrote: "I usually unfollow the items when I get begging messages!"
1652	Commission members questioned why the school was even being considered.
1653	Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 88,761 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock valued at $825,000 after acquiring an additional 11,240 shares during the last quarter.
1654	Community members may also call the Crime Stop number on 08600 10111.
1655	Community Mind Chatters, will be record its next episode today (Saturday May, 18) – to raise awareness for Mental Health Awareness week.
1656	Compacted ice and snow continued to fill the ship until a pressure wave hit on November 13, crushing the bow and splitting the main mast—all of which was captured on camera by crew photographer Frank Hurley.
1657	Companies can only do so much with their cash profits after paying their bills and paying dividends is one of them.
1658	Companies themselves see the value in Bitcoin as a hedge against the US dollar, UK Pound, or Euro.
1659	Compared to its predecessor, the live focus photo performance feature is up to 1.3X faster whereas photo remastering is up to 1.5X faster.
1660	Compared to many animals, humans are poor sprinters.
1661	Compere was Cliff Doe, who also contributed a number of solo items, and there were songs by the Wedgewood Grey folk group and individual artists Jack Hudson, from Derby, and Judy O'Hagan.
1662	Competitors from all over the UK will compete for the prestigious Guinness World Records title, presenting everything from gigantic pumpkins to extra-long leeks.
1663	Compiled in May 2024, the data ranks all the finals from the most to the least viewed.
1664	Complementing the governor’s book deal was his Emmy Award.
1665	Complete and utter waste.
1666	Complete the final step with Bath'Rah to get the Rune.
1667	Comstock Resources’s revenue for the quarter was down 19.2% compared to the same quarter last year.
1668	Concentrate on locations in the weeds that have a hard bottom.
1669	Concurrent Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,125 shares of the company’s stock valued at $270,000 after purchasing an additional 74 shares during the period.
1670	Condo conversions at Pepperell Mills could be detrimental to the downtown area, some say.
1671	“Congratulations to everyone on your success in the last year,” said Ms Williams.
1672	“Congratulations to him ooo, we party hard tomorrow here in Babcock.”
1673	Congratulations to you on a remarkable Volume 120 and may you continue to take the journalism world by storm, one Coca-Cola at a time!
1674	Congress needs to wake up.”
1675	Conine, who had two stints as a player in Miami and whose post-playing career has included serving the organization in various roles, was a member of the 2003 World Series champs.
1676	Conlan said that many of those people are sick, suffering, or have fallen on hard times.
1677	Connectivity is crucial; those with modern communication technology appreciate staying in touch with loved ones, while others struggle without it.
1678	“Conneilly was driving and attempted a sharp turn with the ATV, causing it to roll over and eject him,” Latti said.
1679	Consequently, taking glutamine supplements during intense exercise is crucial since they can prevent muscle loss by utilizing your muscles for energy instead of your carbs.
1680	Considine posted on Instagram: “Sad because it’s over but smiling because it happened.
1681	Conspiracy theories are creating and feeding this distrust.”
1682	Construction will take place Sundays through Thursdays from 7 p.m. to 7 a.m. Overnight lane closures will occur.
1683	Consultant histopathologist Dr Muhammed Aslam conducted it at Ysbyty Glan Clwyd and proposed that the medical cause of death was acute blood loss due to an injured abdominal aorta which had been repaired.
1684	Consumers will be adding to cart as they aim to save money with major deals on July 16 and 17.
1685	Contact local law enforcement to ensure an official accident report is filed.
1686	Continued fighting will eventually ruin the country's productive capacity.
1687	Continuing resolutions have become normal for the heavily-devided hardcore partisans in both the House and Senate.
1688	Continuous learning and growth in each other’s languages and cultures are essential for the vitality of an intercultural relationship.
1689	Contrary to some beliefs, jesus is not the son of a God, and was sent strictly as a messenger, to guide his people to a life of nobility and good deeds.
1690	Conversations with senior Israeli political, military and legal officials, however, suggest that the taboo is a weapon—and every player in the Gaza war has an Operation Ramadan of its own.
1691	“Convictions were quashed and compensation is promised.
1692	Conway was proud of the way his players responded at the end of a challenging week.
1693	Cooper noted that only eight states have a lower weekly unemployment benefit than North Carolina.
1694	Coppermaker Square has not only allowed us to make the changes but encourages everyone to make their home their own.
1695	CORAL GABLES, Fla. (AP) — CORAL GABLES, Fla. (AP) — Catalyst Pharmaceutical Partners Inc. (CPRX) on Wednesday reported third-quarter earnings…
1696	Corbett said they initially injected 1,700 trees throughout the city and in 2021, the city reduced that number to 850 trees.
1697	CORK singer Bambie Thug helped Ireland to a respectable sixth-placed finish at Saturday’s Eurovision Song Contest in Malmo, Sweden.
1698	Cortege to leave residence on Tuesday 28th May at 1.30pm, for service at Chanterlands Crematorium (Small Chapel), 2pm.
1699	Cota – a 23-year-old Mexican woman – allegedly had a surfer's cell phone in her possession at the time of the arrest.
1700	Council is asking residents to use the Household Waste Recycling Centres at Wilson Road, which are open Monday to Sunday 8am-5pm, but will be closed Christmas Day and New Year's Day.
1701	Councillor Colin Fryer (Community Independents Cam West) told the meeting on February 6 that it was important to remember there are around 4,000 people on the housing waiting list in the district.
1702	Councillor Garry Perry was roped in to the position after the sudden resignation of Councillor Mike Bird last month.
1703	Councillor Paul Moore (Dewsbury East) wrote: “We the undersigned are vehemently opposed to Kirklees Labour plans to reduce the size of wheelie bins by a whopping 25 per cent, reducing them from 240 to 180 litres.
1704	Councilman Dys said many residents use the citizen’s participation portion of the meeting to address the town council.
1705	Councilmembers listened to a presentation on options for replacing or renovating the Lorraine H. Morton Civic Center at their Monday meeting.
1706	Council officials decided to liven the Greenock lighting up ceremony of 1995 by having Santa land his sleigh on the rooftop of Greenock Central Library!
1707	Couple (one qualifies): £82.90 per week (from £81.
1708	Court records in Maryland show that the man was convicted of second-degree assault in 2009 in Baltimore County.
1709	Coventry have also arranged a Fans' Forum with the chairman, Doug King, for supporters to raise any concerns and ask questions.
1710	Covestor Ltd lifted its holdings in Douglas Emmett by 150.2% in the second quarter.
1711	Cowley Co-op Post Office in Oxford will close due to 'LTNs'
1712	Co-writers and actors watched the episode together on Christmas Day, sharing a selfie on Instagram with the caption: ‘We had to be together to watch tonight.
1713	Coyle, who's employed by the county, deferred to the county on solutions to its reopening.
1714	Cozad Asset Management Inc. now owns 12,976 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $334,000 after acquiring an additional 785 shares during the period.
1715	Craig Sheridan, a professor in the School of Geography, Archaeology and Environmental Studies at the University of the Witwatersrand, sets out the risks this poses to drinking water in the city.
1716	“Craig was a leader on and off the ice,” Blades officials say.
1717	Cranbourne 1 travelled south towards the beach to take on the powerful Parkdale 1 team at their home ground.
1718	Created by a speech therapist who pioneered this amazing communication strategy, these buttons come with a handy teaching guide to get you started.
1719	Creating a new account is a breeze for bettors.
1720	Creating a sense of belonging and acceptance, restaurants like Jack’s Bar and Grill and DIRT are making an industry standard of supporting those with disabilities.
1721	Credit card companies are competing to earn your business, so don't be shy about putting two or three different cards to work.
1722	Credit: The Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters (2023).
1723	Crew-9 will travel aboard a SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft.
1724	Crime rates were relatively low in Brooklyn in September, in spite of a number of violent incidents across the borough.
1725	Cristin Miloti’s Sofia Gigante was so universally praised that her character could get her own show IF THEY WANTED TO.
1726	Critics were WAY off the mark on these films.
1727	Crowned BRAVEST leader of the free world.
1728	Cruickshank was an NFLPA Advisor from 2000 to 2012, until transitioning into the Private Equity Sector.
1729	Current and past City Council members were in attendance and a California Senate resolution by State Senator Bill Dodd was presented to Val’s sister Nicole and Daughter Annie.
1730	﻿Current cardiac devices suffer from having relatively fixed flow rates that restrict activity by leaving patients breathless.
1731	Currently in fifth, Vicente Moreno's side have claimed back-to-back wins in the league against Real Sociedad and Real Valladolid.
1732	Currently ninth in the table and 11 points off the top four, a huge second half to the season is needed to secure European football again — and the much-needed cash boost that brings in.
1733	Currently our country has $35 trillion in national debt.
1734	Currently relying on the hospitality of his partner's mother, Simon described their situation as essentially homeless.
1735	Currently, residents who live in unincorporated parts of the can opt out of trash pickup services, which range in cost from $20.62 to $35.18 a month.
1736	Currently residing in a hotel, the family is overwhelmed by the community's support, receiving clothing and other necessities.
1737	Customers and staff at Anglia Co-operative Travel in Lynn donated 30 Easter Eggs to the Rudham children’s ward at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital.
1738	"Customers can expect what they know from us anyway - custom-made, high-end, dress-wear tailoring.
1739	Customers can get up to 10 percent instant discount while making payments through SBI credit cards and EMI transactions.
1740	Customers must use the Current Account Switch Service to move to a Club Lloyds, Club Lloyds Platinum, or Club Lloyds Silver account to be eligible for the cash bonus.
1741	Customers who wish to receive the original product at the best price along with extensive offers are advised to initiate purchase only through the website.
1742	Customized family wealth planning added 1.13% in value, followed by tax-smart planning and investing at 0.68%, and active rebalancing and asset allocation at 0.28%.
1743	Cutting trees from designated areas will allow the remaining trees to grow larger while creating open areas that provide food for wildlife,” he added.
1744	CWM LLC now owns 10,500 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $811,000 after purchasing an additional 287 shares during the period.
1745	Cypress Capital Group lifted its stake in shares of Cardinal Health by 0.7% during the 3rd quarter.
1746	Cyprus’ National Betting Authority reported a total revenue of €259.4 million for the third quarter of 2023, marking a 9 per cent increase from the same period in 2022.
1747	Cyriel Dessers struggled up front last time out, which could maybe see Hamza Igamane brought in to lead the line.
1748	Dacia will reveal a new version of its electric Spring city car.
1749	Daghan gyud opportunities ang moabot as long as you keep that fire in your heart.
1750	DAILY POST learnt that the fire began when a tanker began discharging fuel at about 4:30 pm.
1751	Daiwa America raised Cognizant Technology Solutions to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday.
1752	Dajin Lithium shares last traded at C$0.75, with a volume of 4,571 shares traded.
1753	DALLAS (AP) — Filip Forsberg had a goal and an assist in the third period as the Nashville Predators beat Dallas 6-3 on Friday night to spoil the return of Stars goaltender Jake Oettinger.
1754	Dalton Knecht roasted the Utah’s perimeter defense.
1755	Dalton threw all three of his touchdown passes in the first half, which was the same amount of touchdown passes Young threw in his previous 11 starts.
1756	Damoclean swords dangle overhead and around marital beds as symbols of courtly danger, foreshadowing Anne’s beheading.
1757	Danankov currently serves as the deputy speaker for the state Duma — Russia’s lower legislative chamber.
1758	Dan English, General Manager of Strategic Growth at Greenlight Networks, expressed pleasure in being selected to host the championships.
1759	Dang, I really thought I had this under control.
1760	Dan Hackett’s newly-formed squad dominated the division two competition until the final day.
1761	Daniel's father, Alex Hancock, said: "This is a horrendous situation to be in so anything that can be done to stop another family going through what we're going through I think that would help.
1762	Danny Buderus at the launch of the Knights Collection initiative at Newcastle Museum.
1763	Danny’s home is one of the 68 HFOT is currently in the process of building.
1764	Danny Trejo is an American actor and successful businessman who has appeared in numerous Hollywood films, including Trejo is Mexican-American.
1765	Darlington Sen. Gerald Malloy, another possible GOP target, had about four times as much money in his war chest than his Republican opponent JD Chaplin as of July, and is expected to announce stronger totals in his final report entering the election.
1766	Darren Sadler was driving on the same road when he first noticed a green car allegedly driving erratically and aggressively toward another vehicle, driven by Wong.
1767	Dassa placed an anonymous call to a rabbi and asked a question: Were two women allowed intimate physical touch?
1768	Data analytics and intelligence platform.
1769	Data from the site recently showed Manchester Victoria had the highest rate of cancellations out of the 100 busiest stations in Britain, with about one in 10 of scheduled stops cancelled between January and November.
1770	Dati also emphasized her efforts to meet ICAO regulatory conditions through infrastructure upgrades and technical manpower development.
1771	Dave Meredith, customer services director at East Midlands Railway, said: "We would like to thank our customers for their patience while these works take place.
1772	David Bowie and Jennifer Connelly in a scene from "Labyrinth."
1773	David Duran, a founding member of the People’s Homeless Task Force, said in a Thursday phone interview that anything that keeps people housed is a good thing, but county officials have failed to address housing affordability.
1774	David Eby, the premier of British Columbia, campaigning last month.
1775	Davido and Chioma's relationship attracted massive public attention as fans eagerly kept with every detail of the affair between the award-winning artist and celebrity chef.
1776	Davis and Erni subjected the occupant to a prolonged beating using a baseball bat, which left the victim with a broken wrist.
1777	Davis Capital Management bought a new position in Diageo during the third quarter valued at approximately $55,000.
1778	Davis recalled there were ample factory jobs in Milwaukee until manufacturing was sent overseas, and noted that Trump frequently discusses the issue.
1779	Davy Litten was on top form for Hull FC reserves.
1780	Dawn is one exploding nappy away from a meltdown.
1781	Dawson, having worked all season with a small roster, will take the lessons incurred from a 6-12 regular season and try to put some things together for districts.
1782	Days of Our Lives spoilers hint this will lead to a new mystery surrounding Abigail and whether the lookalike who surfaces is the real deal!
1783	Deadpool & Wolverine Steelbooks have been selling like crazy, and there have been super quick sellouts on releases like the Terminator 40th anniversary Godzilla Minus One 4K Steelbooks.
1784	Deal was sealed under watch of then Finance Minister Maria Luis Albuquerque, appointed as Portugal’s future European Commissioner.
1785	DEBRECEN, Hungary â€” The Canadian women's 3x3 basketball team is off to the quarterfinals at an Olympic qualifying tournament after defeating Czechia 17-10 on Saturday.
1786	“Debt to GDP was less than 35%.
1787	• Decreased likelihood of initiating drug and alcohol use, antisocial behaviour and children coming into contact with the justice system.
1788	Dede Anders, 49, was excited to compete in the nine-day-long 2024 Mongol Derby, but on Monday she started feeling sick - and knew she would not be able to endure the 620-mile trek across the Mongolian Steppe.
1789	Deep down, he knows he shouldn’t have done that, obviously,” veteran reliever Adam Ottavino said.
1790	Deepnrise is designed to maximize operational performance, engage operators in improvement projects, and standardize lean manufacturing best practices.
1791	Defending, barrister Kelleigh Lodge said the defendant has been on remand at HMP Durham and it is his first stint in custody.
1792	“Definitely a different environment after you get out of districts.
1793	‘Definition of Insanity’: Did Albert Einstein Really Coin This Famous Phrase?
1794	Dehumanizing research in media and communication research is unacceptable in some areas that center on human intervention.”
1795	DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale lifted its position in FMC Co. () by 11,158.4% in the third quarter, reports.
1796	Dela Rosa was the chief of the Philippine National Police (PNP) during Duterte’s administration and was the head implementor of Duterte’s campaign against illegal drugs.
1797	Delay in lateral movement of the system can either ensure time and space for intensification (as in case of predecessor cyclone ) ortotal loss in forecaster’s confidence of survival of the system.
1798	Delay the expensive cost of professional dental cleaning for dogs with dental chews from Costco.
1799	Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, his wife Sunita Kejriwal, and Punjab Chief Minister Bhagwant Mann are among 40 star campaigners that the Aam Aadmi Party has lined up for Punjab for the June 1 Lok Sabha elections.
1800	Deliveries of the first vehicle launched by the sub-brand, codenamed, began in late September, and early uptake has been fairly strong.
1801	Dell notes that the Precision 7960 occupies 5U in this configuration, and the Precision 5860 occupies 4U.
1802	Delorean wanted a car that would beat the Z/28 at its own game.
1803	Democracy & GovernancePresident Tinubu: Why Is the DSS and Police Disgracing Your Administration Globally with Daily or Even Hourly Abductions, Kidnappings, Killings, and Ransom Payments?
1804	Democrats and Republicans are in the process of creating a power-sharing agreement in Minnesota’s chamber.
1805	Denmark’s Victoria Kjaer Theilvig was crowned with a South Sea pearl tiara by Jewelmer, while the first and second runners-up were Nigeria’s Chidimma Adetshina and Maria Fernanda Beltran of Mexico, respectively.
1806	DENVER (AP) — Ryan Nugent-Hopkins had a goal and an assist, Stuart Skinner stopped 27 shots and Edmonton beat Colorado.
1807	“Denyse and I were having coffee as I was getting ready to go to work when I spotted them.”
1808	Depending on how quickly he rises, that could be bad news for Elandon Roberts.
1809	Depending on your plan, speeds of 50 to 300Mbps or 85 to 1,000Mbps are available for $50 to $70 per month, or lower, $35 to $45 per month for qualifying Verizon mobile customers.
1810	Deputies said a woman driving a commercial tractor-trailer with Texas plates was involved in a hit-and-run at around 7:20 a.m.
1811	Deputy Mayor Jennifer McKelvie told CP24.com that she heard "loud and clear" at a town hall Monday night that people in her ward don't want to see the program eliminated, especially the roughly 20 per cent of residents in her ward who are seniors.
1812	Deputy Mayor Nongyai underscored the city’s commitment to a diligent evaluation of proposals from various companies.
1813	Deputy speaker of parliament, Lubos Blaha, confirmed the incident during a session of Slovakia’s parliament and adjourned it until further notice, the Slovak TASR news agency said.
1814	Descended from the weapon that killed the original Godzilla in 1954, Destoroyah is one of the King of the Monsters' most powerful opponents ever.
1815	Describing the deceased as a great cleric, who worked hard with others to foster the religious harmony being enjoyed in the state, Makinde said his death has left a huge vacuum among Muslims in the state.
1816	D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. increased its stake in shares of NetScout Systems by 2.9% in the 2nd quarter.
1817	Designed to help protect your camera lens in an accidental impact, they either come as individual covers attached directly on each lens or a square that covers all of them altogether.
1818	De Socio said he made multiple attempts to reach BSA leaders past and present during the course of his reporting the book.
1819	Despite a 66% increase in ADRs and a 53% rise in Taipei shares this year, both are still trading below their 2021 valuation highs.
1820	Despite an announcement by the federal government, Metrolinx’s Milton GO Train says the train line service remains suspended for Friday.
1821	Despite a persistent challenge over the final three fences from Barrowmount, Glance From Clover responded steadily for Edwards and they drew away to win by five lengths with Chris Cool a further fifteen lengths back in third place.
1822	Despite attempts by the Opposition Parliamentarian to paint the massive investments made by the PPP/C government in a negative light, Minister Manickchand said that education is critical for future development of not only citizens but also the country.
1823	Despite a vow in the fall never to pass another stopgap funding bill to keep the government open, he put forward several to allow more time to negotiate funding agreements with Democrats that were opposed by many of his members.
1824	Despite being banned almost 200 years ago, the illegal bloodsport has continued to operate underground in Ireland.
1825	Despite being the favourite for the Coral Trophy at Kempton, Honeyball added: "He's ante-post favourite for the Coral Trophy at Kempton as well, but we've got the second favourite for that in Forward Plan, and Kilbeg King will go to Ascot instead.
1826	Despite committing to provide feedback on the recent proposal for allowance increment before April 26, 2024, the ministry is yet to do as agreed.
1827	Despite feeling ignored, Rigney said she’ll never stop speaking out.
1828	Despite having an excellent Q4 2023 report, ) sees a dark cloud coming for Q1 2024.
1829	Despite her return and pregnancy with his child, he has managed to keep her silent about the incident.
1830	Despite interest from the likes of Wolves, Nottingham Forest, Leicester City, Southampton and Leeds United, owner Acun Ilicali has backed Liam Rosenior to bring the youngster to the MKM Stadium for the remaining 19 games of the season.
1831	Despite its significant oil reserves, the country struggles to meet its domestic fuel needs.
1832	Despite legal controversies, remains one of John Huston's best adventure films.
1833	Despite offering high-quality burgers and sides, the prices are refreshingly reasonable, making it accessible for all students and budget-conscious diners.
1834	Despite playing only three seasons in the NFL, Aaron Hernandez will forever be associated with the league because of the choices he made and the infamy of his crime.
1835	Despite the best efforts of the emergency services, he died due to his injuries in the early hours of the following morning in hospital.
1836	Despite the cheaper price-tag, M&S' "sophisticated" design boasts the same timeless double breasted front and traditional shoulder epaulettes.
1837	Despite the decline, the Philippines’ PMI reading in June was the third fastest growth among six included Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) countries, just behind Vietnam and Thailand with 54.7 and 51.7, respectively.
1838	Despite the Egyptian people’s solidarity with Gazans and Palestinians more broadly, the Egyptian government has been a partner to the U.S. and Israel’s 17-year-seige on Gaza.
1839	Despite the frosty reception Ellis had gotten — Rip even charged him with his horse!
1840	Despite their worst fears of never seeing him again, Blue was found last Friday (December 6) in nearby woods, having managed to survive on scraps through tough winter temperatures and even enduring the noisy Bonfire Night fireworks.
1841	Despite the loss, let us rally behind this ladies team.
1842	Despite the setback, the mayor’s office, CPS, the Chicago Teachers Union and other community and fiscal groups are expected to continue attempts to persuade Springfield lawmakers when they debate these budgets in the spring.
1843	Despite these uncertainties, there's still plenty of time for smart moves this January.
1844	Despite the sexism pervasive in the Black Arts Movement, which eventually compelled Giovanni to move away from it, her initial identification with its values popularized it in ways never anticipated by its founders.
1845	Despite the tragic circumstances, the family wants to spread awareness and let others know they are not alone.
1846	Despite this, Messi stated that he is not ready to retire.
1847	Despite this, Wokingham Borough Council granted ‘prior approval’ to the plans on October 10 for the change of use of the building.
1848	Despite Tom Cruise's age, he is still committed to performing his own iconic action scenes, including sprinting and hanging off planes.
1849	Despite widespread skepticism in the cryptocurrency community, he has prevailed in court cases.
1850	Destroying our green belt is not the change people voted for.”
1851	Detailed design plans for the selected improvements will come next year, with construction and removal of the pool taking place in 2026.
1852	Details on lease agreement and the plan for building retail businesses.
1853	Detained until court rises - detention deemed served due to time already spent in custody.
1854	Detwiler Fenton Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides financial services to institutional and individual investors primarily in the United States.
1855	Develop a training program for transparency policies.
1856	D.—found no serious violations of academic code of conduct or plagiarism after probing her publications for eight months.
1857	DfT declined to respond to the allegations put forward by the town council and said as it was a "commercial matter" it would be "inappropriate" to comment on the "ongoing dispute".
1858	Did everything right.
1859	Didn’t Columbia say they know who they are?”
1860	Did she change her mind in the moment?
1861	Did you know that most fitness influencers and fat loss experts want to hide certain facts from you so that you stay stuck in your weight loss journey?
1862	Dikeh said this after she came second in a race for parents at the school of her son, King Andre.
1863	Diljit also reminisced about his first-ever shot for his debut film, which happened to be with Neeru Bajwa, as he credited her as the reason he became an actor.
1864	Diplomatic relations between India and Canada have frayed in recent months over Canada's allegations linking Indian agents to the murder of Sikh separatist Hardeep Singh Nijjar in British Columbia last year.
1865	Direct and manage the overall operations to drive "ethical results" (meet or exceed KPIs) including established goals/objectives in ratings, audience, video, sales/revenue, market share, profit and operating income.
1866	Directed by Wes Craven, is both a love letter and a light satire of slasher movies.
1867	Dirty gym equipment can harbor harmful bacteria, viruses, and fungi that can cause a range of infections.
1868	Dirty Martin’s Place, a West Campus burger joint on Guadalupe Street, sued over Project Connect after learning the light-rail plans called for demolishing the almost-century-old restaurant.
1869	Discover Black culture through the exploration of the folklore.
1870	Discussing the BSN Series format, Ford added: “It’s massively unforgiving.
1871	Discussions will also be focused on improving the quality and accuracy of Electors Photo Identity Cards (EPICs).
1872	Disney+ recently rebooted the franchise with a new series, National Treasure: Edge of Historynever featured an appearancewas canceled after one season.
1873	Distinct versions of the image of Santo Niño oversee the tranquil sea.
1874	District Officer O’Neil Kerr, the Jamaica Fire Brigade’s fire investigator for St James, following his presentation of the monthly fire report for St James at the monthly meeting of the St James Municipal Corporation last Thursday.
1875	Division, on Friday nullified the conviction of Dr. Olufemi Olaleye, the Medical Director of Optimal Cancer Care Foundation, who had been convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment for raping his wife’s niece.
1876	Djokovic, who won 6-0 6-0 6-3, was playing in the day session here for the first time since 2021 with local hero Alex de Minaur playing the opening match in the evening session.
1877	DJT resembles Alex Jones more with each speech he makes.
1878	Doane said the organization is always looking for residents who can make a commitment to volunteer for three hours each week for at least several months.
1879	Dobbins ended the night with 134 yards on nine of ten passes with three touchdowns.
1880	Do Bodybuilders Use Pre-Workouts?
1881	Do Boris and Gilly view women like Shelley differently or do they expect the same from the main character?
1882	Dock Street in Fleetwood in the late 19th or early 20th century.
1883	Dodgy loos across Westminster have ended up costing the taxpayer thousands of to have them unclogged.
1884	Do either of them ever do any grocery shopping?
1885	Does Caitlin need to toughen up, or are the women out to get her- What y’all think?
1886	Does it rely on batteries or does it require a power source?
1887	Doesn’t it apply to these buffoons?
1888	Dogging: A Love Storyalso known as Public Sex is a comedy-drama film about an aspiring journalist who investigates the phenomenon of dogging, a subculture in the UK where couples have sex in public places.
1889	Dogs are friends not lovers,' joked another.
1890	DOHA, Qatar — It was a night of firsts at the World Aquatics Championships.
1891	“Doing as best I can to be prepared to call the pitches and when the situation gets tight, not having to guess which pitch to call, that’s important.
1892	Dokota, the horse, had severely neglected feet that were atrophied, necrotic and emitted a malodorous odor.
1893	Domesticated is different.
1894	Dominion Camera moved to the City of Falls Church in May of 1971 and has been a staple in the City since, servicing the Washington D.C. metro area photographic community at 112 West Broad Street for over 53 years.
1895	Dominique stated: "My favourite is Nectar who are in partnership with many other businesses.
1896	Donald J. Trump watched anxiously from the White House in April 2018 as news broke about federal agents searching the home of Michael D. Cohen, the man entrusted to conceal some of the president’s deepest secrets.
1897	Donald Trump has won Missouri's Republican caucuses, one of three events Saturday that will award delegates for the GOP presidential nomination.
1898	Donald Trump’s defense team tried to poke holes in potentially crucial testimony for prosecutors as the first criminal trial of a former Ameri…
1899	“Donald Trump was fired by 81 million people, so let’s be clear about that, and clearly he is having a very difficult time processing that,” she said.
1900	Donation if desired to St Luke's Hospice.
1901	Donations in memory of Peter may be made to the Salvation Army c/o Les Davies Independent Funeral Directors, Neath Funeral Home, Main Road, Cadoxton, Neath, SA10 8AP.
1902	Donations to Victoria’s Quilts Canada may be left at the funeral home 519.627.
1903	Dong and US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin met for more than an hour at the luxury hotel hosting the forum.
1904	Do not expect anything to leave you waiting breathlessly for its potential return.
1905	Do Not Interfere with Livestock and Machinery: Avoid disturbing or feeding livestock and wild animals, and do not interfere with farm machinery.
1906	Don’t die is how we don’t engage with weapons of mass destruction.
1907	Don’t forget to give some extra love to your wooden furniture to keep them looking new and extends their lifespan.
1908	Don't get too excited that a prominent Democrat sees the light about border security.
1909	Don’t let festive cheer ruin your finances.
1910	Don’t miss out on your chance to kickstart your winning streak at PariPesa with this exciting offer!
1911	Don’t miss this dish if you see it on the menu.
1912	Don't miss this epic adventure!"
1913	Don’t question growth.
1914	“Don’t send me a letter, because I’m not going to read it,” he added.
1915	Dont they want America to hold back weapons from every regime that might kill civilians?
1916	Doors open at 4:30pm, with the concert running from 5 to 7pm.
1917	Do our leaders have the vision and inspiration to carry Australia forward?
1918	Dortmund and new coach came into the match under pressure, last season's Champions League finalists sitting seven points off top spot in the league after just eight games.
1919	Do they accept EBT cards?
1920	Do they have probable cause in Argentina?
1921	Doubting his ability to compete for entrance as a farm-boy, his math teacher reassured him that he had the intelligence, and further, “You put on your pants just like they do, one leg at a time!”
1922	Douglas lifeboat was called to the aid of a yacht at the weekend.
1923	Dounreay is being decommissioned.
1924	Dover Co. has a 1-year low of $127.25 and a 1-year high of $175.51.
1925	Do we make too much of the mission of the church “to make disciples of Jesus Christ for the transformation of the world”?
1926	Do we really believe that most of President Trump’s supporters – our family, friends, neighbors – endorse everything he has said or done?
1927	Down the stretch, Fletcher, who was also bleeding brought in a chain.
1928	Downton Abbey star Hugh Bonneville returns as hapless head of values at the BBC, Ian Fletcher.
1929	Downtown Roanoke, Inc. (DRI) proudly announces the highly anticipated return of the Budweiser Summer Concert Series at Elmwood Park, kicking off with multi-Platinum country rocker Brantley Gilbert headlining the stage on Sunday, June 30, 2024.
1930	DO you ever feel like you look hotter in the mirror than in pictures taken on a smartphone?
1931	Do you have a sweet tooth?
1932	Do you like to watch any of these ABC shows?
1933	Do you part, and you'll be able take even greater satisfaction in the results Tuesday night.
1934	Do you plan to watch the new season on FOX when it arrives later this month?
1935	Do you think this approach has been successful?
1936	Do you want all the latest breaking news sent to your phone?
1937	Dozens of family and supporters came out to celebrate the Indigenous teacher assistant program graduates.
1938	Dozens of protesters have been while carrying nothing but the flag, according to lawyers, protesters and activists.
1939	Dr Adi Paterson, former chief at ANSTO.
1940	Dragovski starts in goal.
1941	Drake's Conor Enright, a Mundelein High School graduate, reacts after hitting a 3-pointer during last month’s Missouri Valley Conference tournament.
1942	Dr. Beverly Crusher almost had a romance with this memorable Romulan on Star Trek: The Next Generation.
1943	Dr. Crews would probably know a lot more about this, but those are the ones that come to my mind.
1944	Dream Productions paves its own path, without following too much in Inside Out's footsteps.
1945	Dr. Fearon added that the deteriorating situation within healthcare, which is becoming apparent in hospitals across Northern Ireland, is also having an impact on both patients and communities.
1946	Dr Foster says: ‘When sitting, make sure your screen is at eye height, your feet are flat on the ground and your forearms are comfortably on your desk.
1947	Dr. Garcia argued Washington needs to start cracking down on small crime, which he says ripples into more serious offenses.
1948	DriveBC has warned that the fire's location along Highway 1 could result in closures "on short notices."
1949	Drive is certainly an admirable quality.
1950	Drivers can work according to their own schedules and availability, with Amazon pitching the program as : "Choose the blocks that fit your schedule, then get back to living your life," reads the website.
1951	Drivers faced long delays on the due to a multi-vehicle crash near the on Friday (October 25).
1952	Drivers found to be speeding are photographed alongside the speed and distance they are traveling.
1953	Drivers have a final practice session on Friday before qualifying for Saturday’s race.
1954	Drivers wearing flip flops this summer could 'risk getting hit with £5,000 fine'
1955	Drive Wealth Management LLC raised its position in shares of Coca-Cola by 1.6% during the second quarter.
1956	Driving an older vehicle has its charm, but technology has come a long way since many of these cars first hit the road.
1957	Driving within the posted speed limits can give you more time to react in an emergency.
1958	Dr Marais said what makes black carbon from rockets so concerning is that they release it hundreds of miles higher into the atmosphere than planes, where it can last much longer.
1959	Dr. Peinado left inspired.
1960	Dr Pete Cheema OBE, SGF chief executive, agrees that the rise in retail crime is because of a lack of consequences.
1961	Dr Sachidananda Mohanty, Executive Director, AIIMS Awantipora, Kashmir on Friday called on Lieutenant Governor Manoj Sinha at Raj Bhawan.
1962	Dr. Scott Woogen has proudly served the Greater Richmond community for over 30 years and is grateful for the support and rewarding experience of caring for his patients.
1963	Drugmakers to raise prices on over 250 medicines on Jan.
1964	Drumheller RCMP responded to a report of four persons attempting to purchase several goods at a store in Nacmine Alta., possibly in a fraudulent manner, at approximately 11:30 a.m. on Jan.
1965	Dudley Group NHS Foundation Trust said it was experiencing severe pressure due to social care delays.
1966	Due to his condition, he had been required to undergo medical reviews in respect of his licence every three years and in April 2012 was issued with a restricted period driving licence.
1967	"Dune: Part Two" reportedly had a budget of $190 million, and the third installment is likely to require even more.
1968	Dunlap recalled how his family moved from Chicago to Bar Harbor in the 1950s, when “there were no Democrats in Bar Harbor.”
1969	Duran is now the starting centre-forward and there is no way Emery would leave Rogers on the bench to accommodate Watkins.
1970	During a heart-wrenching moment from the clip he says: 'My name's Derek Draper, I want you to hear my story'
1971	During an appearance at the fourth A Day of Unreasonable Conversation summit in Los Angeles on Monday, the heiress discussed her children, saying she hopes they will live in a “world outside of social media” and “being on their phone all the time.”
1972	During a recent interview, Reynolds gave a very high praise to Logan, while discussing the parallels between the first Deadpool movie and the said Wolverine-centered movie.
1973	During a stop in Fayetteville, North Carolina on Thursday, Mr Trump renewed his complaints about the federal response and cited “lousy treatment to North Carolina in particular”.
1974	During cooler months, Ginsberg plans to serve gumbo and oyster stew from the food truck.
1975	During Covid and the Black Lives Matter riots that followed, their sense of security was shattered.
1976	During his acceptance speech at the 30th SAG awards, which followed the longest in history, Murphy said that the award was "extremely, extremely special to me, because it comes from you guys."
1977	During his lifetime he also had several farms, a grain business, a long-haul trucking company and managed a family timber operation.
1978	During his time in government, he served as minister of enterprise and innovation, minister of agriculture, provincial secretary, and legislative secretary responsible for provincial autonomy.
1979	During one, he stated that Jesus “directly challenged in a fatal way the existing church, and there was no possible way for the Jewish leaders to avoid the challenge.
1980	During question period Wednesday, Conservative Leader Pierre Poilievre accused the Liberal government of “blocking” the French and Mahaffy families from the hearing and asked why LeBlanc didn’t intervene in the parole board’s decision.
1981	During Taiwan’s elections, bands of musicians, dancers, singers, and technicians support the rallies, which in the final week of campaigning are held nightly.
1982	During the afternoon, scattered showers and thunderstorms develop over central and interior Newfoundland and will move to the east-northeast.
1983	During the case, the objector children disavowed that they had any such plan.
1984	During the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic, Woolery initially accused medical professionals and Democrats of lying about the virus in an effort to hurt the economy and Trump’s chances for reelection to the presidency.
1985	During the first half of 2024, the group’s cost of sales declined by 9% to €71.4m.
1986	During the four-year follow-up, there were a total of 115 fatal and non-fatal heart attacks, fatal and non-fatal strokes, cardiac arrests and sudden cardiac deaths.
1987	During the heyday of WARM, the station’s radio personalities were treated like the rock stars they presented.
1988	During their time in the town, the soldiers trained in the local countryside and took part in in seaborne invasion exercises at Slapton Sands and in North Devon.
1989	During the last seven days, RSK Smart Bitcoin has traded up 0.3% against the dollar.
1990	During the luncheon, demonstrations showcased the cleaner’s effectiveness in removing limescale and other stubborn stains from various surfaces.
1991	“During the pandemic and then emerging from it, we really were thinking about who we are as a festival, and what our mission is, and how do we best achieve that,” says Plauché.
1992	During the ranch’s Living History Program, which runs Wednesdays through Sundays, junior docents and adult volunteers interpret history for the public.
1993	During the same period in the previous year, the business earned ($0.28) earnings per share.
1994	During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.76 EPS.
1995	During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $3.23 EPS.
1996	During the segment, Kaine appeared and asked the contestants to identify him.
1997	During the summer of 2023, ACP welcomed new Executive Director Lindsey O’Connor who sought to expand their reach from an annual festival to year-round programming.
1998	During the war, everything and everyone was mobilized.
1999	During this assignment, I was introduced to Geographic Information Systems (GIS), which fascinated me — using satellite imagery and remote sensing to understand a landscape without physically being there.
2000	During this meeting, heard that Margaret had allegedly commented on his appearance, leading him to retaliate "back in the press" and produce T-shirts featuring Margaret's "face on my body with my hat and ribbons with the words, 'I'm not a tart'."
2001	During this time, W.W. Mast made a business deal with Standard Oil, known now as Exxon, and began selling gas at the store.
2002	During Tuesday’s remarks, he singled out imported cars for higher trade duties, saying he would slap a100, 200 or 300 percent tariff on cars made in Mexico.
2003	Dutch Bros was founded in 1992 with two brothers purchased a double-head espresso machine and started experimenting with 100 pounds of coffee beans.
2004	Dutch defence minister Ruben Brekelmans – leading the coalition to supply F-16’s – said he could not give a clear timeline.
2005	Duterte is under ICC probe for the infamous anti-narcotics crackdown.
2006	Dvir is spent, exhausted, worried and breathless.
2007	DWP will pay UK households £8,000 a year in cost of living 'if help needed'
2008	Dyfed-Powys Police posted on Facebook: “Officers have carried out all possible lines of enquiry, and are now appealing for help from the public.
2009	Dzavik found a way to get Hingham on the board in the final minute of the frame, though, coming up from below the goal line to finish off a Colin Lasch assist.
2010	Each difficulty requires something different, so here is what players need to do to unlock it.
2011	Each earbud has a soft sleeve, and three sizes are included to ensure a good fit.
2012	"Each in their own way, they broaden the realm of possibilities and inspire others to continue pushing its boundaries.
2013	Each nominee has played an essential role in driving our region’s success, it said, and fostering a thriving, supportive business environment in the Highlands.
2014	Each of you has played a part in helping us navigate both the good times and the challenging ones.
2015	Each project has the potential to supply up to 3,000 acre-feet of water to local communities annually, equivalent to the yearly water consumption of 270,000 Navajo citizens.
2016	Each slot has a certain number of repeating symbols.
2017	Eamonn and ex Ruth Langsford, who share son Jack, shocked fans in May when they revealed their divorce after announcing they were "going in different directions."
2018	Earlier 95-97% of our relations in defense sector was with the Russian Federation," noted the head of state.
2019	Earlier, Assam CM Himanta Biswa Sarma said that Pakistan-Occupied Jammu and Kashmir (PoJK) will be included in India under the leadership of PM Modi.
2020	Earlier in the day in Iran, officials handed over the bodies of the crash victims to Pakistani diplomats.
2021	Earlier in the month, yellow/white peas imports were exempted from QR along with the 50% duty and Rs 200/kg minimum price condition.
2022	Earlier in the night, just over a dozen Palestine supporters were seen outside the venue with signs reading 'F**k Jerry Seinfeld'.
2023	Earlier, speaking to BBC Breakfast on the occasion of Match of the Day's 60th anniversary, Lineker reflected on his tenure: "It depends how long they want me, I suppose," he said.
2024	Earlier, third seed Alexander Zverev defeated 20th-ranked Frenchman Arthur Fils 6-4 3-6 6-3 after recovering from a second-set wobble to set up a clash with Stefanos Tsitsipas.
2025	Earlier this month, CEO Elon Musk announced the company will slash its workforce by 10%.
2026	Earlier this week Michael Gehlken pontificated at The Dallas Morning News about the infamous comment and noted that it may wind up meaning a whole bunch of nothing.
2027	Earlier this week, the engine was picked up in Salem by Central Cascades Fire & EMS, marking a significant milestone in the program’s mission to enhance community resilience and preparedness.
2028	Earlier this week, West donned a baggy white sweatsuit as he held hands with Censori, seemingly nude under a transparent smock.
2029	Earlier this year, the court heard arguments by South Africa that Israel was committing genocide in Gaza and ordered the Israeli government to take steps to prevent such atrocities.
2030	Earlier, Trump hailed the court's decision as a "big win" for democracy.
2031	Early last year, fire crews were called to a gas leak at No. 19. For a few hours, gas service to the entire street was shut off until the leak was fixed.
2032	Earnings dropped by 14.5pc to 102.27bn riyals (£21.7bn), down from 119.54 billion riyals (£25.4bn) for the same period in 2023.
2033	Easier to add additional panels to your system later on.
2034	EASTERN EUROPE (IMB) – The American doctor hummed “Stayin’ Alive” softly to the young Armenian medic kneeling on the floor administering CPR.
2035	Eastern tree frogs living near were found to have black skin, rather than the normal bright green.
2036	Ecofi Investissements SA purchased a new stake in Estée Lauder Companies during the second quarter worth approximately $53,000.
2037	Economic data from August shows that retail business sales, an indicator of consumption trends, grew only 2.1% year over year.
2038	Economic resilience requires a foundation of safety, stability and health — Dorothy Day House and Rebuilding Together East Bay Network are working together to help vulnerable residents create that foundation.
2039	Eden Espinosa Returns to Broadway in 'Lempicka,' First Show in Over 15 Years - Official Photo Revealed!
2040	Ederle, played by Daisy Ridley, runs up against not just the garden variety sexism of her time, but some male sponsors and coaches who actively sabotage her sporting efforts.
2041	Edgeley is another affordable suburb of Stockport, filled largely with Victorian terraced housing set around Alexandra Park.
2042	Edison’s head coach Jeff Grady celebrates with the Championship trophy after the CIF State Division 1-A championship game between Edison High and Fresno Central High at Saddleback College in Mission Viejo on Saturday Dec. 14, 2024….
2043	Edith married her high school sweetheart, Elwood “Woody” Bigelow in 1953 after his return from Korea.
2044	EDM (Electronic Dance Music) Festival.
2045	Edwards Lifesciences () last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, October 25th.
2046	Edwards officially assumed the position as of August 1, 2024, and will, over the remainder of this year, establish the office within the BRADD organization.
2047	Efforts to try and conjure something from corners was also snuffed out by the Everton defence.
2048	Eight are governed by the African National Congress (ANC), which also governs nationally.
2049	Eight Lionsgate horror movies are getting SteelBook releases this coming August.
2050	Eight out of ten people who took part in a survey into the problems coaches are causing in one of the most popular destinations in the Cotswold are opposed to a ban.
2051	Eileen’s Place allows people to move out of emergency shelters sooner and get into affordable housing faster.
2052	Either way a serious offence has been committed and anybody who has information is urged to get in touch quoting reference 2400257249."
2053	Ekin-Su and Peter definitely had a lot of chemistry.”
2054	Elaine Ferguson said she loves it for the ‘lovely’ beaches, as well as the pubs, restaurants and the seal sanctuary.
2055	Elections in the US, Israel and Palestine may also put the peace process on hold yet again.
2056	Elizabeth said that her family is delighted to accept Alexander’s award on her behalf.
2057	Elli Dorr scored on a Madi Bay single and Anaiah Guajardo-Zarate doubled home Bay and Kenzie Gray.
2058	Ellis Gibbs, 17, died in hospital after he was fatally injured in a collision with a Toyota Aygo car in Garstang Road at Claughton-on-Brock and Catterall at around 2pm.
2059	Ellis said the Austin area has an emission reduction plan for I-35 that is supposed to be done by March.
2060	Elon Musk again came out in support of Germany's far-right party, Alternative for Germany.
2061	Elon Musk follows Slashdot on Twitter and the editors are reluctant to displease him.
2062	Elon Musk sleeps on floors or whatever else is available, and I have done that previously, too, like some Japanese do, as sleeping on the floor is healthy for the back.
2063	Elsewhere, Liverpool are being credited with an interest in signing Adrien Rabiot as a free agent.
2064	Elsewhere this morning, ACPD responded to a four-vehicle crash with no reported injuries at the intersection of S. Glebe Road and S. Walter Reed Drive, and a vehicle fire at the intersection of N. Glebe Road and N. Quincy Street.
2065	Embrace the legacy of openness and direct engagement.
2066	“Embroideries would have been the most valuable thing in your castle because textiles were the most valuable thing,” Roberts said.
2067	Emergency rooms remained open.
2068	Emergency services are currently at the scene of a serious road traffic collision on Barnsley Road, South Elmsall.
2069	“Emergency services attended and both drivers were checked over by the Scottish Ambulance Service.
2070	Emergency services were notified of the single-vehicle crash, at the intersection of Wingatui and Soper Rds, about 12.25am.
2071	“Emory University and APD fully bear responsibility for the violence we are seeing at the Emory campus right now.
2072	Employees and GAO have said burnout at FEMA has increased since the pandemic and recruiting remains a challenge since most of its staff are reservists who only work part of the year.
2073	EMS rushed the victim to Mount Sinai Morningside Hospital for treatment of a facial laceration.
2074	Encode’s brief highlights the potential risks of OpenAI’s restructuring, emphasizing the need for a safety-focused nonprofit to maintain control over advanced AI developments.
2075	Encounter the emperor Qinshi Huangdi, builder of warriors, and observe his highly bureaucratic and technocratic regime.
2076	Ending on a hopeful note, she declared that “respect and compassion are values that drive my office to work even harder to find ways to build and rebuild divisions.”
2077	Ending the subsidy regime had potential benefits, but the increased federal allocation to states has left many more confused.
2078	Endorsements have been the most lucrative source of income for Federer.
2079	Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm has said that she expects that the analysis of L.N.G. exports, which is being conducted by her agency, would be completed late this year.
2080	Energy Transfer has a 1-year low of $11.45 and a 1-year high of $14.65.
2081	Engineering Technicians will perform fi.
2082	England slumped to a 2-1 defeat by Greece in the on Thursday night, intensifying calls for a major managerial appointment.
2083	English ivy can be a beautiful addition to any garden, but if left unchecked it can quickly become uncontrollable - here's how to remove it without using weed killer.
2084	Enhanced collaboration and remote access: Ensures the security of cloud-based platforms is imperative.
2085	Enhances analytical thinking, research, communication, and practical skills through its academic rigor and subject variety.
2086	Enhancing the quality of our services – Deliver more, earn more, and deploy resources wisely.
2087	Enjoy it now, to the fullest.
2088	Enjoy the trailer as we wait for an official release date.
2089	Enjoy up to 60% off sitewide to celebrate the long holiday weekend.
2090	Ensign Peak Advisors Inc now owns 5,035,082 shares of the company’s stock valued at $154,174,000 after buying an additional 1,715,357 shares during the period.
2091	Entering, you see two rows of tables extending towards the rear, just eight in total, with room for 32 diners at capacity.
2092	Entropy Technologies LP purchased a new position in shares of Groupon during the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $145,000.
2093	Entry is via gate eight off Bungonia Road.
2094	EntryPoint Capital LLC increased its position in RCI Hospitality by 246.3% in the 1st quarter.
2095	Environment Secretary Steve Reed has insisted that only a few hundred farms would be impacted by the tax change, rather than the tens of thousands claimed by unions.
2096	Episodes of strong growth and overall macroeconomic stability were undermined by rising inflation, exchange rate depreciation, and loss of external buffers, in turn largely reflecting overly accommodative fiscal policies.
2097	Epoch Investment Partners Inc. now owns 176,201 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $40,762,000 after purchasing an additional 46,320 shares in the last quarter.
2098	EP Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 1,177 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $208,000 after buying an additional 71 shares in the last quarter.
2099	Equities research analysts expect that Cinemark Holdings, Inc. will post 1.08 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
2100	Equities research analysts forecast that Genuine Parts will post 9.37 EPS for the current fiscal year.
2101	Equities research analysts predict that Evergy, Inc. will post 3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
2102	Escar Namirembe, an officer working with GenAfrica Assets Managers noted that the macroeconomic challenges in Kenya continue to dampen the stock market outlook despite positive earnings, attractive dividends and valuations.
2103	Especially important is the establishment of effective controls that monitor the decisions which these agents take and, when necessary, can reveal the reasoning behind each decision.
2104	Esra Ward, who was running a pizza stall, told the BBC: “The car was parked, and suddenly we saw him accelerate coming out of his parking space and hit a couple of people.
2105	Essentially a slush fund that can be used at the governor’s discretion, the Quick Action Closing Fund allows “the Governor to act quickly and decisively … to finalize an agreement with a company to locate an economic development project in the state.”
2106	Essentially, this technique utilized color values from real life and then inserted them into film post-production.
2107	Essex Property Trust ( from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note issued to investors on Saturday.
2108	Estonia’s Digital Nomad Visa Scheme is critical for remote workers and freelancers.
2109	Eto'o, however, will miss his first matches as Cameroon’s men face Kenya in a qualification double-header for the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations this month.
2110	"Eucalyptus essential oil, derived from the leaves of the tree, has been used for various purposes, including pest control."
2111	Europa Clipper's instrument called Europa-UVS (Europa Ultraviolet Spectrograph) will search for plumes and can study any material that might be venting into space.
2112	Europe may appear a haven for U.S. expats tired of their polarized climate and growing threats of violence, but the continent is no longer the safe or mild-mannered haven it has been for so much of the post-World War Two era.
2113	Eva Longoria and José Bastón were introduced through their mutual friend in 2013 at a museum exhibit.
2114	Eva Mendes is expressing her support for her partner Ryan Gosling after the actor scored an Oscar nomination for his portrayal of Ken in the Greta Gerwig-directed Barbie film.
2115	Evan Fraser, director of Arrell Food Institute at the University of Guelph in Ontario, said the other good news is that consumers are less affected by poor grain yields than they are with fresh produce.
2116	Evans played 30 games this season and is out of contract next month but due to discuss a possible renewal with the club in the coming weeks.
2117	Evelyn was last seen at around 6.45pm on Sunday, April 21 in the Warrington Road area of Warrington.
2118	“Even for those who disagree on the death penalty, when there is a shadow of a doubt of any defendant’s guilt, the irreversible punishment of execution should not be an option,” Bell said in a statement before the execution.
2119	Even if Congress does pass a stopgap measure to keep the government open, the federal program to provide nutrition assistance to children would face a considerable funding shortfall that could have disastrous effects for some who depend on the program.
2120	Even if he has a terminal illness, he could live for some time and it petrifies us that this man could now be let loose."
2121	Even if I’m 35 years old, I’ll age down.’
2122	Even if she intended to return to her family home on the Turkish side, such intention is not protected under the convention.
2123	Even if you're not much of a LinkedIn scroller, you may have seen Karli's post make its way over to TikTok, where people are praising her transparency and heavily relating to her situation.
2124	Even in the underdog cities, patience runs thin.
2125	Even in times when Marquez struggled, burned bridges, and isolated herself from friends and family, he tried to maintain contact and check in whenever possible.
2126	Even minority group identifications though they provide important political leverage, are vulnerable to the slide into victimhood.
2127	Even Molly-Mae’s older sister Zoe Rae, 28, uses the Smooth Stick, she added.
2128	“Even now, I don’t like people talking to me while I’m doing this.
2129	Even otherwise in the country, whatever you say is well-regarded.
2130	Even so, you should not take your frustration out on others.
2131	Even that top price is less than what I had recently paid for mine so the discounts are really good at the moment.
2132	Even the cocktails are inspired by the era, including classics like Spritz’s and Negroni’s, as well as exclusive cocktails that tie in special flavors and traits special to Schinco’s upbringing.
2133	Even the King, Crown Prince or Emir of Makkah who come for the customary washing of Holy Kaaba call the family for the Key of the Holy Site.
2134	Even then, some have had to turn to food pantries.
2135	Even the top grilled cheese layer is golden, evoking that famous pompadour hairstyle.
2136	Even the U.S. military remains concerned with how its soldiers might be tracked by their phones.
2137	Even though NYC might not check the usual retirement boxes, its opportunities make it a great spot to enjoy your later years.
2138	Even today a first copy can easily especially if in good condition.
2139	Events in Baldur's Gate 3 have significant consequences, so it's important to save your progress and make named files to retrace your steps.
2140	Eventually, I was able to open my head spa in 2024.”
2141	Eventually, Piero takes on the surname Ferrari, while Laura continues in her marriage with Enzo until her death.
2142	Eventually, the restrictions will be dropped once Jersey gets some moisture in the ground, but for now, it's better to be safe than sorry in order to prevent any future large brush fires and wildfires.
2143	Eventually though, the possession and pressure turned into penetration for Kevin Wilkin's side.
2144	Eventually, Trump began to recognize him.
2145	Even until today, I don't understand why people want an autograph from me, but it happens quite frequently.
2146	Even when people are mean to someone in a video, it doesn’t bother me like this does.
2147	Evercore ISI upped their price target on shares of Broadcom from $1,000.00 to $1,050.00 in a research report on Thursday, October 5th.
2148	Ever since, I’ve managed to live my passion, or more precisely, my Speedster-mania,” says Luca Trazzi.
2149	Eversource and National Grid shared that they coordinate with BTD to review all of the maintenance holes and assess the work conducted so they don’t have to come back to fix something in two years.
2150	Everton were initially organised and sought to exploit the space vacated by Amad and Diogo Dalot and some success.
2151	“Everybody has to operate in good faith here.
2152	Every company should send out ‘wrapped’ rundowns.
2153	‘Every Dylan song could be improved’: is perfection possible, or even desirable?
2154	Every goalie in the world goes through it.”
2155	Every manufacturer seems to do things just a bit differently, and there were time guides and helpful explanations in every manual we encountered during testing.
2156	'Everyone, especially the staff was really shocked.
2157	Everyone expected Zhang to win again and again and again, much like Nelly Korda has been doing these days with her five-event streak.
2158	Everyone in my family has passed away before they were 70."
2159	"Everyone is different, but with men specifically, it is possible to go through late puberty.
2160	“Everyone is entitled to equal protection of the law, and to not experience cruel and unusual punishment,” Sarah Warbelow, Human Rights Campaign’s vice president of legal, said.
2161	"Everyone knows the Stanley Cup.
2162	Everyone may need to unwind after a holiday dinner, so grab a sled, toss a basketball, or find other ways to get your heart pumping.
2163	Every one of them knew the probability of dying was real, but they did it anyway.
2164	Everyone speaks different languages, are different ages, different generations but as soon as you play music, it’s just one frequency.”
2165	Everyone was just so happy which was great for the community.”
2166	Everyone who knew Sara will know her unique character, her beautiful smile and loud laugh.
2167	Every other automaker would be deep into the testing stage by now, and if Tesla was at that point, we would’ve seen a lot more spy shots already.
2168	"Every resume template & explainer in existence tells you to keep your CV tight and relevant and not to waste the employer's time, so I can't remember that job ever appearing on my resume."
2169	“Every single day I am faced with a new challenge.
2170	“Every training session, he is there and he does his work for the team and it’s the unselfish work – he always puts his body on the line and he’s a great teammate.
2171	Every year the ARIAs - Australian Recording Industry Association Music Awards - celebrate the best of the best in the Australian music industry.
2172	Evicted Big Brother Naija ‘No Loose Guard’ housemate, Ben, has tipped Kellyrae to win the reality show.
2173	Evidence also revealed that the ex-army lieutenant colonel shared images within a group chat.
2174	Ex-BP chief Bernard Looney hands back £3mHarbour Energy sees profits wiped out AGAIN by Britain's.
2175	Except for Tesla, none of the newer U.S. carmakers specializing in electric vehicles have won significant market share.
2176	Except Tennessee, I like mountain coasters too much to not go back to Tennessee.
2177	“Excited to see MN representation at the top of the ticket!”
2178	Exclusive — Derrick Evans: Rep. Carol Miller Brought Bill Gates to West Virginia to Roll Out ‘Globalist Agenda’
2179	Executive coaches should complete education and certification to develop the skillset that provides professionalism for those in the field.
2180	Expect a forward showing in this.
2181	Expect small private academies to rise to replace the shuttered central schools.
2182	Expeditors International of Washington’s quarterly revenue was down 14.9% compared to the same quarter last year.
2183	Experts reveal the major keys to improving teens' mental health.
2184	Explainer-What is a government shutdown and what is the debt ceiling?
2185	Explainer: What is the Winter Fuel Payment and why is it under threat?
2186	Explaining his path to TV, Ricky recalled it was a tough time for the band which was in decline despite the success of their second album Yours Truly, Angry Mob from 2007.
2187	Expressing concern over the dairies located near the landfill sites, the court stressed the urgency of relocating such facilities due to potential health hazards posed by contaminated feed and milk.
2188	Expressing gratitude for the overwhelming turnout, he paid heartfelt tributes to former players and assistant coaches instrumental in shaping the program’s legacy.
2189	Extracting it without additional mess is half the fun, and some beer will remain for topping off as the level sinks.
2190	F1’s presence in the United States has increased dramatically in recent seasons following the success of the sport’s Netflix series, Drive to Survive, as well as the growing number of races in America.
2191	Facebook launched Marketplace in 2016 and expanded into several European countries a year later.
2192	Faced with too many runners.
2193	Facing rejections when renewing residence permits, difficulties with transferring work and money abroad, and limited destinations that still welcome them, they’re opting to end their self-exile.
2194	Fact is, the statement was made by Neville Chamberlain on September 27, 1938 when he announced the Munich agreement.
2195	Fairfield Bush & CO. acquired a new position in Dollar Tree during the 1st quarter worth $86,000.
2196	Fairmont’s Landon Cummings (10) drives towards the basket past Red Springs’ Makhi Arthur (22) during Friday’s game in Fairmont.
2197	"Fairy Tail is a gathering of rowdy wizards renowned as the strongest guild in the Kingdom of Fiore.
2198	Fajitas & ‘Ritas is an establishment I will never forget.”
2199	Falkirk Council set out to make this a massive green oasis that promotes wellbeing and mental health – they’ve succeeded in that and continue to develop it.
2200	Fallen Furnace Crater shrine, head along the skinny main path down the hill, then up the mountain.
2201	Fallon Sherrock made history becoming the first woman to beat a man at the event, defeating Ted Evetts in the first round before also beating Mensur Suljovic.
2202	Families turn out to decorate the graves of loved ones.
2203	Family flowers only please, however donations may be given on the day for British Red Cross, or made online by visiting funeral-notices.
2204	Family violence was also a significant barrier to seeking healthcare.
2205	Family was the greatest joy of Mary’s life.
2206	Fanshawe is relaxed when we see him on Wednesday, so much so he allows us in to Ambiente Friendly winding down.
2207	Fans set off pyrotechnics during a DFB Cup first round soccer match between Bayern Munich and Ulm, in Ulm, Germany.
2208	'Fantastic to see,' one person wrote, while another commented, 'Good match to be honest.'
2209	Far beneath the bitter snow, there were seeds that with the sun’s love have become roses.
2210	Farmers are expected to host biodiversity services, carbon sequestration and renewable infrastructure while also producing food, Ms Germano said.
2211	Farmers in Uttar Pradesh are said to have decided not to bring their entire crop at once and rather sell in tranches.
2212	Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund during the 2nd quarter valued at $25,000.
2213	Fast forward a bit and Agatha sacrifices herself to Rio/Death, and Billy goes back home to Eastview.
2214	Fast forward one year later and he defied medical experts by scaling Mount Snowdon in Wales, which stands at 3560ft.
2215	Fast times are what Oldknow has in mind.
2216	Fatherhood certainly includes the moments sitcom episodes are built around, but truth be told, the questions and challenges that made for good episodes tend to be the easier part of fatherhood.
2217	Father of man who escaped from Lethem lockups takes son back.
2218	Fatigue is easy to identify as there are four main warning signs.
2219	Fausto said the country’s continued heavy reliance on importation “can be expected due to the government’s neglect and when the government is giving low priority to milk production through the development of the local milk industry.”
2220	Fayette County has gone from 4,000 more registered Democrats to a GOP 7,000 registered voter advantage same goes for Bucks, Beaver, Cambria & Berks counties.
2221	Featuring more than 450 participants across 27 teams, this year’s tournament includes a brand-new division called the “City Division.”
2222	Feb. 20: Tri-Lakes Chamber Business After Hours — 5-7 p.m., Palmer Lake Town Hall, 42 Valley Crescent, Palmer Lake.
2223	February 20, (THEWILL) – Nigeria’s table tennis team suffered a major setback at the 2024 ITTF World Team Table Tennis Championships this week with the late withdrawal of star player, Quadri Aruna, due to a case of food poisoning.
2224	Federated Hermes Inc. now owns 5,290,626 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $57,932,000 after buying an additional 179,482 shares during the last quarter.
2225	Federation CJA and the Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue are the plaintiffs that requested the injunction.
2226	Feel free to send your blind items to us on Instagram!
2227	Feelings of uncertainty arise, fear surfaces, and anxiety blooms.
2228	FEFF, which celebrated its 27th edition this year, specializes in Asian genre films and also runs industry-focused programs like Focus Asia and the Ties That Bind workshop, connecting professionals from Asia and Europe.
2229	Felix was also in the cast, playing ‘an impressionable and naïve, young squire,’ a role that won him the Best Scene Stealer award.
2230	Fellow Cebuano Kian Manabat came in second at 12:07, achieving his first victory like Habana.
2231	Female-founded companies scored higher on diversity and inclusion than male-led businesses, with a happiness score of 4.2 against 3.6.
2232	Ferguson was Virginia's solicitor general from 2022 to 2024 before being appointed by President Joe Biden to his position.
2233	Ferrara said they are geometric and don’t have iconic imagery like these seals whereas the signs of the proto-cuneiform writing system start off as being being very iconographic: “They resemble things.”
2234	Ferrell and Steele met in 1995 when they were hired for the venerated US sketch show – Ferrell as a performer, Steele as a writer.
2235	Few hit the draft trail like Tomlin, and when he wants to grab a player for dinner, his request is often granted.
2236	Few seasoned analysts think the Houthis will cave easily.
2237	FFT Wealth Management LLC now owns 17,754 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $3,234,000 after acquiring an additional 934 shares during the period.
2238	Fianna Fáil councillor Patrick Mulcahy said he’s aware of ‘vulture funds’ picking up such properties.
2239	Fico campaigned on promises of pursuing peace with Russia and halting military aid to Ukraine, positions that he enacted after taking office.
2240	Figures will include Ziggy Stardust-era David Bowie, Beyonce, Ed Sheeran, Ariana Grande, Amy Winehouse, and Queen singer Freddie Mercury.
2241	File – A New York State Police Department cruiser is parked in front of Cornell University’s Center for Jewish Living, in Ithaca, New York, October 30, 2023.
2242	FIL Ltd lifted its holdings in shares of Nutanix by 74.7% during the 4th quarter.
2243	Film producer Shyam Prasad Reddy emphasized the need for Hyderabad to elevate its stature in the film industry.
2244	Finally, Alhambra Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Alphabet by 1.6% during the 4th quarter.
2245	Finally, all SE attackers, midfielders and full-backs should learn to shoot with both feet.
2246	Finally, ATB Capital decreased their target price on shares of Paramount Resources from C$37.00 to C$36.00 and set an outperform rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, March 7th.
2247	Finally, BOK Financial Private Wealth Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Danaher in the third quarter worth about $34,000.
2248	Finally, BTIG Research decreased their target price on BlackLine from $71.00 to $65.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, August 7th.
2249	Finally, Compass Ion Advisors LLC lifted its stake in iShares MSCI EAFE Small-Cap ETF by 3.4% in the 2nd quarter.
2250	Finally, Cornerstone Wealth Group LLC acquired a new stake in Uber Technologies during the 3rd quarter valued at $2,590,000.
2251	Finally, DA Davidson upgraded Alphabet to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, September 10th.
2252	Finally, downgraded shares of Fidelity National Financial from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 17th.
2253	Finally, Fisher Asset Management LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Alphabet by 1.4% during the second quarter.
2254	Finally, International Assets Investment Management LLC increased its holdings in shares of QUALCOMM by 12,998.7% in the 4th quarter.
2255	Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $56.50 price objective (down from $60.00) on shares of Smartsheet in a research report on Tuesday, September 24th.
2256	Finally, Morgan Stanley increased its holdings in Plug Power by 3.1% during the fourth quarter.
2257	Finally, National Pension Service boosted its position in Aflac by 3.2% in the 4th quarter.
2258	Finally, Needham & Company LLC dropped their price objective on shares of DENTSPLY SIRONA from $36.00 to $34.00 and set a buy rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday.
2259	Finally, Northcoast Research upgraded Pentair from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $100.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, April 15th.
2260	Finally, Pflug Koory LLC lifted its stake in iShares Core S&P Mid-Cap ETF by 400.0% during the first quarter.
2261	Finally, Raymond James lowered their target price on Intel from $54.00 to $52.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a research note on Friday, January 26th.
2262	Finally, Redmont Wealth Advisors LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Superior Group of Companies by 16.8% during the 4th quarter.
2263	Finally, Robert W. Baird raised their price objective on shares of Alphabet from $160.00 to $200.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, April 26th.
2264	Finally, Robert W. Baird reduced their price objective on shares of Snap-on from $282.00 to $275.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Friday, July 12th.
2265	Finally, Scotiabank increased their price target on Federal Realty Investment Trust from $119.00 to $126.00 and gave the stock a “sector outperform” rating in a research report on Monday, November 25th.
2266	Finally, Sprinkle Financial Consultants LLC purchased a new stake in EOG Resources in the fourth quarter valued at $1,894,000.
2267	Finally, The Goldman Sachs Group lifted their price target on ARM from $110.00 to $143.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, June 11th.
2268	Finally, TheStreet cut shares of California Water Service Group from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 14th.
2269	Finally, to our society, we say that it’s time for us to take a collective stand against this growing trend of violence and brutality.
2270	Finally, Truist Financial upped their price target on Amazon.com from $216.00 to $220.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 1st.
2271	Finally, VitalStone Financial LLC grew its position in shares of Iris Energy by 373.9% in the 1st quarter.
2272	Finance minister Vladimir Regueiro said the cost of diesel and other types of fuel would face similar mark-ups.
2273	Financial assistance of P10,000 was distributed to 5,000 beneficiaries through the Ayuda sa Kapos ang Kita program of the Department of Social Welfare and Development.
2274	Financial viability: Council must ensure its financial sustainability without the need for substantial rate increases.
2275	Findings based on an five year observational study of 929 older female participants found 39.4 percent displayed rapid weight loss, which was associated with a 49 percent increase in the risk of dying in the next 9.5 years.
2276	Finding these elements should make it slightly easier for you to solve today’s without actually cheating.
2277	Finding ways to keep moving in January doesn’t necessarily have to involve paying gym dues.
2278	Find out about conservation work going on in meadows, woodlands, acid grassland, and the orchard — and delve into who the land belonged to and how it has been used through the centuries.
2279	Find top Target deals to save on electronics, holiday decorations, groceries and more.
2280	Fine, challenge accepted,” she explained.
2281	Finn has recently joined Brymore Academy at Cannington.
2282	FinTrust Capital Advisors LLC now owns 571 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $29,000 after purchasing an additional 429 shares during the last quarter.
2283	Fired up Ms Nandy argued that as long as ministers declare their freebie tickets on the government register of interests, they should be allowed to enjoy them.
2284	Firefighters are battling the flames with a combination of ground and aerial resources, including 20 engines, 2 helicopters, 2 dozers, and 3 water tenders.
2285	Firefighters raced to the scene of a building on fire in Lancaster.
2286	Fireworks Magazine, UK was emphatic in its endorsement: "I absolutely believe CATS in SPACE are one of the greatest bands on this planet right now…"
2287	First, and most importantly, consumer protection agencies at both the federal and the state level have the power to police “unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce.”
2288	“First by the fire, and then by the successive failures of the State to do what was right.
2289	Firstly we also say that because of the the number and increasing number of people living in these areas, the Act stressed that the infrastructure there needs to be looked at and expanded to be able to accommodate all people,” she said.
2290	First Minister John Swinney said he was "very sorry" to hear about the ex-minister's death.
2291	First Minister Michelle O'Neill and deputy First Minister Emma Little-Pengelly seen last week at Lough Neagh.
2292	First mistake of my Olympic debut.
2293	First Republic Investment Management Inc. now owns 11,922 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $652,000 after acquiring an additional 172 shares during the period.
2294	“First, the apples are crushed and yeast is added to speed up the fermentation process, so the sugar converts into alcohol after a few weeks,” explains.
2295	First, this is the kind of training that RCC specializes in – giving real skills that students will take with them into the job market.
2296	First up is the farm asparagus and hollandaise ($16, pictured above), featuring asparagus that was picked from the Hell’s Backbone farm literally that morning, and eggs from the owners’ own flock of chickens.
2297	Fiscal depute Shay Treanor said Houston was told by door staff he was barred, to which he replied that he knew he was but that he was going to “try anyway”.
2298	Fittingly, Al and Sandy Roloff of Sycamore worked the tasting table.
2299	Five days before Donald Trump took the stage at the Butler Farm Show grounds for a rally, the Secret Service was busy rolling out its strategy to protect the nation’s 45th president.
2300	“Five events will be hosted in October and November for independent retailers and businesses, covering everything from digital marketing strategies to customer and community engagement techniques, sales, window dressing, marketing and administration.
2301	Five years on, Denise was once again devastated following the loss of her youngest daughter Laura.
2302	Flash mentoring and one-time sessions with peers or colleagues, as part of continuous learning opportunities may also appeal to them, as a way to gain experience in relation to skills, systems and processes.
2303	Fleet & Family Support Center Conducts Reintegration Training for Deployed Sailors Aboard USS SterettPO1 Charles J Scudella III, must comply with the restrictions shown on https://www.
2304	Floated on the stock market at £2.35 in 2015, the stock has risen consistently since then and today tops £8.
2305	Flood-hit NSW communities have been warned to exercise caution as they return to their homes owing to the widespread damage in those areas hit.
2306	Flooding also occurred in the Whitchurch and Cathays areas of Cardiff.
2307	Flooding from Storm Henk has revealed the outline of an English Civil War fort.
2308	Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and entrepreneur Vivek Ramaswamy will also appear on the ballot, though they all dropped out of the race in January.
2309	Florida State experienced down years between the Jimbo Fisher and Mike Norvell eras as they looked for a coach to get them back to the pinnacle of the sport.
2310	Floyd, who was Black, died on May 25, 2020, after Chauvin, who is white, kneeled on his neck for 9 1/2 minutes on the street outside a convenience store where Floyd tried to pass a counterfeit $20 bill.
2311	FMCG and metal were major gainers.
2312	FMR LLC now owns 1,965 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock worth $35,000 after acquiring an additional 574 shares during the last quarter.
2313	Focus on high-traffic spaces that buyers are likely to scrutinize, such as the kitchen and bathrooms, as these areas often play a significant role in the decision-making process.
2314	“Folks, the bad news for Trump is that we are going to hold him accountable,” Mr Biden said.
2315	Following a Bachelor of Science in geology from the University of British Columbia, he pursued exploration geology worldwide.
2316	Following a mixed response to the news that she'd be taking over the role from the late star, Alison shared her own message to social media.
2317	Following its premiere at the Cannes Film Festival, critics have been mixed on Coppola’s first film in 13 years.
2318	Following news of his death, BBC Radio 4’s Today host Nick Robinson shared an anecdote of the former deputy prime minister.
2319	Following that, the catchy chorus goes, “I’m sorry but I’m just thinking of the right words to say / I know they don’t sound the way I plan them to be.”
2320	Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 896,630 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $63,051,021.60.
2321	Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 24,912 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,958,982.72.
2322	Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 35,662 shares in the company, valued at $9,228,612.36.
2323	Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 11,370 shares in the company, valued at $1,299,591.
2324	Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 47,060 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,706,100.
2325	Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 19,742 shares in the company, valued at $1,631,873.72.
2326	Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 9,505 shares in the company, valued at approximately $571,440.60.
2327	Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 70,726 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,219,381.88.
2328	Following the end of the sponsorship deal, the stadium is now known as Salford Community Stadium.
2329	Following the finale of “Succession” last year, fans can still revel in the HBO’s show’s profanity-riddled dialogue and whispmart writing through Jesse Armstrong’s book of complete scripts.
2330	Following the gust of wind, State Governor Samuel Garcia posted on social media and told residents to stay indoors.
2331	Following the purchase, the chief executive officer now owns 313,955 shares in the company, valued at $50,565,592.30.
2332	Following the purchase, the executive vice president now owns 591,211 shares in the company, valued at approximately $9,270,188.48.
2333	Following the report, an emergency forensic interview was conducted with the juvenile victim, which provided crucial evidence leading to Bell’s arrest on one count of Indecent Behavior with a Juvenile.
2334	Following the sale, the director now owns 8,474 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,540,912.16.
2335	Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 482,936 shares in the company, valued at $5,582,740.16.
2336	Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 2,077,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $220,099,690.
2337	Following the transaction, the director now owns 30,473 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $462,580.14.
2338	Following the usual process, lawmakers will hold dozens of hearings to evaluate the governor’s ideas and recommend their own before their June 15 deadline to pass a budget.
2339	Following this, the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment launched preparatory work to draft an MoU with the Estonian Ministry of Climate.
2340	Follow our Twitter pagego like our Facebook page for more Cincinnati Bengals news, views, and more fun stuff.
2341	Follow the AP's coverage of Prince Harry at https://apnews.
2342	Follow us on X, Linkedin, Facebook and Instagram.
2343	Folorunsho, 26, has been helping the Giallo Blu thrive despite their ongoing relegation battle as they’re currently 14th in the Italian topflight with two points away from safety.
2344	Food business Heinz and clothing label ASOS have pulled down content featuring Mr Barrientos.
2345	Food prices keep going up while quality is going down, and that includes hamburger, hot dog and dinner rolls, which are often dry or taste like paste.
2346	Food sector leaders are also warning of supply problems with fruit and vegetables – including price spikes and potential shortages – when further controls on fresh produce come into force later in the year.
2347	FOR 17 years Margaret McQuillan's life was hectic leading into a Tuncurry-Forster Jockey Club meeting.
2348	For a country with challenging terrain and a porous border with India, where malaria remains endemic in parts, reducing local transmission has been a monumental task.
2349	For added spice, Trump’s personal antagonism to Biden is matched by Zuma’s anger with Ramaphosa for displacing him.
2350	“For a discredited short-seller under the scanner for several violations of Indian securities laws, Hindenburg’s allegations are no more than red herrings thrown by a desperate entity with total contempt for Indian laws,” it added.
2351	For a film like that’s about as good as anyone could hope for.”
2352	For al-Kassem and his wife, it’s a chance to rejoin their family, resume their lives, and introduce their kids — three girls and two boys aged 7 to 14 — to their Syrian heritage.
2353	“For all actions, we expect minimal budgetary impact as providing memos and letters and regular interactions with states are part of our normal business practices,” DeCesaro wrote.
2354	For all new users from India who have not yet managed to create a 1win account, we have developed a special welcome bonus.
2355	For all of Trump’s particular efforts — the wall, the travel ban, the family separations and now the pledge of mass deportation — he is part of a long tradition.
2356	For all the big columns, the divorces, drama and deaths, the weeks where writers tell us about cleaning the car or losing the cat, or where their mind wandered when on a walk are far more exposing, far more truly confessional.
2357	For an action-packed thriller, tonight’s opening episode (of six, box-setted) – played out in featureless Border Force offices and on a cramped airline passenger deck – is decidedly earthbound despite efforts to milk jeopardy from every unlikely moment.
2358	For any flight after 11 I very much doubt you will be getting a main course until well after Noon in First, likely a lot later if there is any ground delay.”
2359	For anyone who would like to come for a visit of our chicken coop and have a tour of our home our doors are always open.”
2360	For Arnija Stegall, 21, also from Southeast D.C., the concept of the Blackout performance was both intriguing and invigorating.
2361	For a while we ignored it.
2362	For better or worse, perhaps Herbert was inevitable.
2363	For both men, the Netflix documentary ends up being a time in which they can reflect on how addictive the robberies were.
2364	For businesses, these rate cuts translated into lower interest rates on loans, making it more affordable for companies to borrow and invest in growth opportunities.
2365	"For Canadians to make a sound decision, you need information.
2366	Forces loyal to the government, including the Janjaweed militia — from which the RSF emerged — were accused of ethnic cleansing and war crimes.
2367	For children, this upheaval translates to the loss of friends, disruption of schooling and constant resettlement, compounded by the sirens warning of rocket attacks.
2368	For comparison, they shot 55.6% from inside the arc in the previous round.
2369	For depth purposes, though, that may not be as enticing now that Hopkins is hurt.
2370	Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) offloaded equities worth ₹ 5,130.90 crore on July 25, according to exchange data.
2371	Forests in other regions are either tropical or dominated by conifers.
2372	For example, car insurance saw large price increases that contributed significantly to the March CPI number.
2373	For example, getting x-rays or CT scans for low risk back pain within the first six weeks of symptoms will not change how the patient is treated, as most back pain will improve in this time frame, but exposes them to unnecessary radiation.
2374	For example, recreation during summer months in many popular areas does not impact elk and deer, but recreation can be highly disruptive in the spring months during calving season or in the winter when the animals are trying to conserve energy.
2375	For example, the same Neo NPC can leave a note that incorporates these player inputs.
2376	For example, up to 80 per cent of people with Parkinson's also have constipation, a symptom that can appear as much as 20 years earlier than other warning signs.
2377	For example, when the “Salvator Mundi,” a portrait of Christ that had been cataloged since 1900 as by an artist who worked in Leonardo da Vinci’s studio, was sold in the mid-2000s, the price was less than $10,000.
2378	For example, while DOE is requesting $3 million to support after-school programs for middle schoolers in 2025, learning centers will lose roughly $2 million over the next two years.
2379	For example, you could include recipes like sheet-pan paprika chicken and veggies in your plan, which are easy to scale and share.
2380	For fans looking to add an extra layer of excitement to the game, betting odds will soon be available for various aspects of Super Bowl 58, including point spreads, over/under totals, and player prop bets.
2381	For Favorite Kids Female TV Star, Olivia Rodrigo took home the award for her role as Nini in High School Musical: The Musical: The Series.
2382	For forgery, she could be jailed for up to four years, fined, or both.
2383	Forgiven, yes – but not forgotten.
2384	For hikers and mountain bikers, you want to be off the trail before the hottest part of the day in the afternoon, Camp said.
2385	For inquiries or reservations, call 0927-6784041.
2386	For instance, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), unintentional injuries are among the leading causes of death for people aged 1-44.
2387	For instance, the Dark Knight slot, Age of gods, justice league slot among others.
2388	For instance, the group released several photographs of its forces operating in Aleppo and Saraqib on November 29, 2024.
2389	For instance, the rise of Uber and revolutionized the way people commute, providing a platform for drivers and passengers to connect directly.
2390	For instance, writing services may assist you in improving your writing abilities, while libraries provide access to a wide range of scholarly resources.
2391	For international viewers, folks in Canada can catch it on Paramount Plus, starting November 10, 2024.
2392	For its part, Ada has grown its revenue 250% in the last year, but Nathrath wouldn’t reveal details.
2393	For lips, I use Ctzn Cosmetics’ liner.
2394	For lovers of silly B-grade fun, a dangerous animal trapped in an unlikely setting is a match made in heaven.
2395	Formal identification is yet to take place."
2396	For many months now, people obsessed with the weather, weather geeks and meteorologists alike, have been talking about what if there is some sort of severe weather on the same day as the eclipse.
2397	For many of those students, that means choosing to continue their education in college.
2398	For many, the delays can be expected to stretch to five or six years.
2399	For many, the Government's 150-minutes-a-week exercise target seems too daunting.
2400	Former Love Island star Maura Higgins can be seen asking her friend whether romantic interest Pete Wicks is “still in” Strictly Come Dancing after leaving the I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here!
2401	Former Macduff Primary School pupil Adele currently has one full-time and one part-time worker.
2402	Former Madigan ally ordered to testify in ex-speaker’s corruption trialCapitol News Illinois is a nonprofit, nonpartisan news service that distributes state government coverage to hundreds of news outlets statewide.
2403	Former Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar-Farouq, must appear at the Abuja headquarters of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) for interrogation, the agency has said.
2404	Former Minnesota Army National Guard Colonel John Kolb, who told Associated Press in August that he knew Walz by reputation as 'excellent', said that he was nonetheless stunned by the way Walz had overstated his rank after retiring.
2405	Former National Rally president Marine Le Pen, a member of the recent National Assembly, could seek re-election as president in 2027.
2406	Former prime minister Boris Johnson had a favourability rating among 2019 Tory voters of 43 per cent, but at 34 per cent his unfavourability rating was higher than that of Mr Sunak.
2407	Former Tottenham forward Troy Parrott scored the all-important match-winner as the Potters were beaten in their final game before entertaining Coventry on the opening weekend next Saturday.
2408	For me, the other main highlight was the fantastic set design and costuming - unquestionably some of the best I have ever seen.
2409	Formidable Asset Management LLC now owns 15,550 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $490,000 after buying an additional 500 shares in the last quarter.
2410	For more details about the First Responder and Military Honolua Classic, including event updates, volunteering opportunities, or how to contribute, visit the website or call (808) 205-0918.
2411	For more information about Crosskeys Stores, call 01432 820101.
2412	For more information about the event, please contact events.
2413	For more on the Greeley Creative District, go to https://greeleycreativedistrict.
2414	For more recipe inspiration, visit: ColemanNatural.
2415	For most of the song, she relied on her usual—and stunning—vocal style.
2416	For much of the past decade, and in nearly as malign a fashion, that main character has been not O.J. Simpson, but D.J. Trump.
2417	For now, audiences can revel in the thrilling conclusion of a trilogy that has redefined modern horror and is now playing in a theater near you.
2418	For now, the fund is growing.
2419	For one reproductive health advocate, these results were a “bright spot.”
2420	For Orchestra and Audience Members” was performed by the orchestra in October 2021, at the first Masterworks concert after the COVID showdown.
2421	For perhaps obvious reasons, Spall elects not to answer that question.
2422	For PiS leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the local elections offer a chance to send a warning shot to the government.
2423	For Prim, the person who started this idea of the three of them taking the trip in the first place, the hardest part was a friend’s struggle with a cancer diagnosis.
2424	For property tax payments and circuit breaker questions, call 1 (800) 272-0117 and ask for Real Property Treasury or call direct at (808) 270-7697.
2425	For reference here are the opening hours for Tesco Park Rd.
2426	Forrest put in a rallying performance in his latest appearance for Celtic, snatching the win after scoring two goals, including a stunning volleyed opener.
2427	For Simone Bodmer-Turner, it meant collaborating with local artisans in the use of non-earthen materials like bronze, wood, lacquer and silk.
2428	For someone used to carefully scripted events, it must have been a humbling moment.
2429	For some, the benefit of having both a tablet-sized internal screen and a phone-sized screen may check that box.
2430	For something more unique, virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) can create immersive experiences, making the event more memorable.
2431	For some, trying to preserve personhood takes precedence over well-being or even survival in the face of discrimination, judgment and disregard from fellow citizens.
2432	For southern and coastal New Jersey, this will be a rainmaker.
2433	For starters, it is indeed true that the aforementioned factors adversely impacted almost every country in the world, including our own beloved nation, Malawi.
2434	For the first half of this one, Big Bad Brody was what Malakai had planned.
2435	For the first time ever and in celebration of the Festival’s move to Brooklyn, Brooklyn residents can enjoy a special 25% discount available at select Brooklyn events.
2436	For the first time in 114 years, biologists from the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife (ODFW) have observed a fall-run Chinook salmon returning to spawning in the Klamath Basin in Oregon.
2437	For the first time in the conflict, Israeli ground troops reached parts of Lebanon’s Litani River, a focal point of the emerging ceasefire deal.
2438	For the first time, iPhone users will be able to customize their home screens similarly to how those on Android can.
2439	FOR THE FRONT: The quarrymen of West Woodburn agreed to contribute two pence per week from wages to the Lord Mayor of Newcastle's Fund for the wives and families of soldiers fighting in South Africa.
2440	For the latest on fire restrictions and local fire information across the state visit www.mtfireinfo.org.
2441	For the London Review of Books, Thomas Jones visited the British Museum to examine the exhibition “Legion: Life in the Roman Army.”
2442	For the past 13 days, the 81-year-old Biden has been working to stem defections from Democratic lawmakers, donors and other allies worried he might lose to Republican Donald Trump, 78, after Biden's halting June 27 debate performance.
2443	For the past week, the Company has been in process to establish non-disclosure agreements and collaborations with more than 10 companies met during the conferences.
2444	“For the record, is the missing beauty queen your girlfriend?” the panel chairman, Sen. Ronald “Bato” dela Rosa, asked in Filipino.
2445	For the second straight week, the Pittsburgh Steelers are choosing to dress only four true wide receivers.
2446	For the second time this week, the 78-year-old felon falsely accused President Biden of glitching out, only to glitch out himself.
2447	For the Tigers, Colton Barnes topped the scoring with 14 points, just ahead of Kilo Tsosie who scored 11.
2448	For the World of Beatrix Potter, it is the latest in a long line of recognition for the work they have done in Cumbria.
2449	For this announcement, we put our boast in the Lord, not the Admissions team or Executive team.”
2450	For this memorable 1987 video, debuted a new, distinctive look.
2451	“ For this reason, we are pushing policies to attract investment in the oil and gas sector.
2452	For this version, there was only one individual per tribe on the test, so that meant five other individuals had the opportunity to make a bond without you.
2453	For those in Sedona who know Samaire, this movie is a special treat because her superb acting skills makes you forget that it is her in the film as her character develops, comes to life, and she becomes her.
2454	For those who wish, donations in Carol’s memory may be made to the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Memorial Contributions, P.O. Box 849168, Boston, MA 02284-9168.
2455	For those who work remotely — almost one-third of the workforce — purchase a home outside the big cities and metro areas.
2456	Fort Morgan Fire 1st Lt. Trent Ruder told The Fort Morgan Times that 16 firefighters from Fort Morgan were joined by five firefighters from Brush as well as support from the Morgan County Ambulance Service and Morgan County Sheriff’s Office.
2457	“For too long,” she said, “medical providers have failed to address change in society, changes in technology, and changes in the kind of assistance that people need.”
2458	“For track, it’s great because not everyone has a nice track and can keep it up,” Ackerman said.
2459	For travellers who came to York before November 1840 this would not have been too unusual because there was not a standard time across Britain – local time ruled.
2460	For Tricia Rodrigo, a marketing professional from Cebu, Taipei, Taiwan is the perfect destination for first-time solo travelers.
2461	For Trump, that has involved hammering the Biden-Harris administration for encouraging renewable energy production.
2462	Fort Washington Investment Advisors Inc. OH raised its holdings in ChampionX Co. () by 51.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities & Exchange Commission.
2463	For years, Julie Storbeck and a small group of protesters have gathered every Tuesday at the Porter County Courthouse to rally in support of abortion rights.
2464	For years she coordinated with local faith leaders to answer questions with a faith-based slant that were posed to her.
2465	For years, the Successor of Peter has been in close contact with his fellow Argentinians, who bear witness to the unconditional love of God among these people.
2466	Foundational software of tomorrow.
2467	Founded by the late civil rights leader Dr. Joseph Lowery, the organization is led by board chair Rev. J. A. Milner and executive director, Helen Butler.
2468	Founded in 2019 and selected for the Google Launchpad Africa accelerator in the same year, swiftVEE initially conducted real-time online livestock and game auctions, operating in South Africa, Namibia, Botswana, and Zimbabwe.
2469	Founder, Cryptopreacher Blockchain Academy (CPBA) and a co-founder of ThinkCrypto Global in Washington DC, Rume Ophi, explained how practices of bad eggs in the crypto industry is affecting naira exchange rate against global currencies.
2470	Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock.
2471	“Four armed people arrived with long weapons aboard a van, which was identified and the license plate numbers were obtained,” said Juan Luis Ferrusca, secretary of public security of the municipality of Queretaro, capital of the state.
2472	Four foreign women of Asian origin were reportedly sitting in one room of their rented house when they were joined by an Asian man.
2473	Four L.A. County sheriff’s deputies were fired and others were disciplined after a dispute involving members of a gang known as the Industry Indians.
2474	Four matches are scheduled for this Sunday as action resumes in the 2023/2024 Essequibo Softball Cricket League (ESCL) Over-40, T20 competition at two different venues on the Essequibo Coast Region 2, (Pomeroon-Supenaam).
2475	Four of Tampa Bay’s past six games have been decided by a single run.
2476	Four out of five Louisiana policyholders saw a spike in their premiums.
2477	Fourth Sunday in Epiphany: Services, 8 (traditional) and 10 a.m. (contemporary).
2478	Four-year-old Odie is a super cute boy who is looking for a home with a single person who is experienced with dogs and the Frenchie breed.
2479	Four years later, Carol married media personality and management consultant Patrick King.
2480	Fox and Lopez “were hired and paid to commit the murder” and used two handguns to riddle the driver’s side of Malik’s car that morning when he showed up to work, the statement says.
2481	Fox and News Corp shareholders sense the end of an era and an opportunity to break the family’s hold over the businesses.
2482	Foxy Brown could be stepping up and talking about Jay-Z and/or Diddy, but she makes a powerful statement.
2483	Fragrances and fashion was the group’s largest and most profitable division, with revenues surging by more than a 10th over the latest period and representing nearly three quarters of its total sales.
2484	France (3:10.60), Belgium (3:10.74) and Jamaica (3:11.06) achieved new bests in the first heat.
2485	France's President Emmanuel Macron delivers a speech during a session of the Constitutional Council to mark the start of the new school year, in Paris, Sept.11.
2486	Frank Verducci, of Cranford, said he grew up in Union and graduated in Union.
2487	"Freddy Krueger" is even credited as "Himself" in the end credits.
2488	Fresh talks between the government and the union representing train drivers in a bid to resolve their long-running pay dispute have been described as “constructive”.
2489	Fresno State got off to a strong start and took an early 9-5 lead.
2490	Fresno State has won the last four games between the teams, including victories over first-year UCLA coaches Karl Dorrell in 2003, Rick Neuheisel in 2008 and Chip Kelly in 2018.
2491	Friday and Sunday look great.
2492	Friday (July 25) night’s headliner is X-Factor contestant turned TV presenter, Olly Murs, who has topped the charts with hits such as Heart Skips a Beat and Troublemaker.
2493	Friday's document mentioned, as an example of past confusion, alleged supernatural appearances by the Virgin Mary in Amsterdam in the 1940s and 1950s which were eventually ruled invalid in 2020, after several conflicting verdicts.
2494	Friday's encirclement of the capital followed days of disruption on motorways as well as tractor convoys through major cities and protests in front of government buildings.
2495	Friday's ramming incident came almost exactly eight years after a similar terror attack at a Christmas market in the German capital.
2496	F.R.I.E.N.D.S actor Matthew Perry and Barbie, the film, were snubbed at BAFTA, irking fans.
2497	Friends please meet for service at St Johns Church Birtley on Friday 19th April 2024 at 1.45pm, followed by cremation at Birtley Crematorium at 2.30pm.
2498	From 1961 to 2005, Gene Wilder had a successful career as a Hollywood actor, writer, and filmmaker.
2499	From 2019 to 2020, Jim Baugh, eBay's former Senior Director of Safety and Security, and six other employees on eBay's security team targeted the couple for its role in publishing a newsletter about issues of interest to eBay sellers, the DOJ said.
2500	From 2021 to 2022, the coalitionsaw its patient population double from about 800 to more than 1,600.
2501	From Ali to Jagdeo, there was that constant, convenient mantra: de spirit is willing, but de flesh is weak.
2502	From a quick counter-attack in the 41st minute, Godstime Joseph beat Somilari Alaribo before pushing the ball past Enyimba’s goalkeeper Ani Ozomena to hand the visitors the lead.
2503	From Croft Road it is due to head towards Ansley Road and onto Ansley, around 6.30pm.
2504	From enacting daring courthouse escapes and emotional moments of devastated family members to physical confrontations and dramas, season 4 brings back heartbreaking, daring, hilarious technical difficulties and bone-chilling moments.
2505	From having no radical right-wing regime in the 2000s, except occasionally and briefly as junior partners in unstable governing coalitions as in Austria, the region now has two in power—one in Hungary and the government of Giorgia Meloni in Italy.
2506	“From invasive to endangered species, everyone’s observations help protect the nature we love.”
2507	From its humble beginnings to its complex conclusion, the collection offers hours of gameplay that will challenge your intellect and make you laugh.
2508	From my side, I don’t know of any offers, but I want only good things for him.
2509	From overseeing the creation of the city’s first traffic circles, speed humps and bike lanes to planting dozens of new trees along Broadway Street, she was all-in on environmentally-friendly beautification and making her ward more livable.
2510	From quirks of local culture to the intricacies of the latest dating apps, here’s what you need to know before you dive into the enticing—and sometimes overwhelming—world of online romance.
2511	From SHIELD Helicarriers to Iron Man suits, all this comic-book-based technology makes it easy as can be to travel.
2512	FromSoftware broke the news via its social media accounts for the game, simply affirming that Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree "is currently in development."
2513	From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler is available to watch on Peacock.
2514	From them on the Ohio candidate had a powerful supporter at the heart of team Trump.
2515	From the odds stacked against the young protagonist to the unlikely friendship, and even the protesting for a better world, this is all pure coming-of-age gold.
2516	From the outside, it appears to be nothing more than a rag tag collection of RVs, ramshackle buildings and scruffy tents.
2517	From the post mortem which we have not conducted as yet, we will get a report and that would ascertain what type of wound whether is a cutlass or a blunt object or any other object that was used,” he said.
2518	From there, I was tracking that scent through campfires, dive bars and tour buses.
2519	From there, they put the camping prowess of each car to the test.
2520	From there, we moved to Moroccan and Brazilian restaurants in Queensway Market, then on to Arabic kebabs, Persian grills, Indian curries, Iraqi stews and Turkish delights.
2521	“From the very beginning, it was obvious it was the same woman.
2522	From this premise and with what follows, is lovingly made as the kind of classic giallo that was a popular part of Italian cinema during the 1970s; except this 2018 film has a unique story that could only be made today.
2523	From what we have seen so far is not a forgiving soul and he has a lot not to forgive — his brother’s memoir, the Meghan and Harry interview with Oprah, the attempts from Montecito to exploit the royal connection: Sussex Royal jam etc.
2524	From York to Glasgow, these are the 10 friendliest places to live in the UK.
2525	Frontage roads would be added to allow local access through town.
2526	Frontotemporal dementia is caused by degeneration of the frontal and/or temporal lobes of the brain, according to the Association for Frontotemporal Degeneration.
2527	Fryberg dies of a self-inflicted gunshot wound at the scene.
2528	FT Cboe Vest U.S. Equity Moderate Buffer ETF – July has a 12 month low of $29.24 and a 12 month high of $35.56.
2529	“Fuck is you talkin’ about?
2530	Fueled by community donations and her own money, Ms. Hupy began connecting several parents and puppies.
2531	Full details of the proposals together with plans showing the affected lengths of highway and statement of reasons for making the Order are available on request by e-mailing the address below.
2532	Fuller was also huge offensively, finishing the game 2-for-2 with two RBIs and two runs scored.
2533	Fulwider is active in Danville Rotary, Women’s Giving Circle, NSSB’s Commitment to the Community, and a board member of the Danville Chamber of Commerce.
2534	Funds for the purchase will come from the general fund.
2535	Funeral service and cremation will take place at Bradwell Crematorium on Tuesday 11th June at 2pm.
2536	"Funeral Service to take place at Cam Valley Crematorium on Tuesday 9th July at 10.00am.
2537	Funeral service will be held from St. Thomas Anglican Church, 8 Military Road, on Friday, May 3 at 2 p.m. The service will be livestreamed from St. Thomas’ Facebook page for those who cannot attend.
2538	Funlab has engaged with appropriate regulatory authorities.
2539	“Furiosa,” directed by George Miller and co-starring Chris Hemsworth, may have been released too soon after the similar-looking “Dune: Part Two,” which delivered giant ticket sales in March, some film executives said.
2540	Further, “colleges prioritized hiring less expensive and often less-credentialed instructional staff and more expensive administrative staff.”
2541	Further details about the collaboration will be disclosed in the coming months.
2542	Further details are awaited from the but it is understood that the school would cater for pupils aged four and 11 with additional needs, including social, emotional and mental health needs.
2543	Further expanding its reach, Air1 has also taken over KAIM 95.5 FM in Honolulu, which, like Nashville, had also been carrying Salem’s “The Fish” format.
2544	Further fanning the rumor flames was the idea that Raiola’s camp was insistent he play for a national contender.
2545	Further information is available from National Highways by visiting the www.trafficengland.com website and travel apps, or via the regional X feed.
2546	Further in her post, she highlighted that her mother was 'struggling' mentally and urged everyone to talk about it.
2547	Furthermore, the product stands out with its generous array of cash prizes distributed to numerous customers throughout the year, along with engaging promotional activities delivered through its interactive stands at shopping malls.
2548	Further similarities between Kid and Hanuman arise in an avant-garde detour, when the drug-induced Kid has a vision and rips open his chest to reveal light emanating from within.
2549	Future efforts will focus on enhancing training programs, improving organizational efficiency, and expanding community outreach initiatives to better prepare for both national defense and socio-economic contributions.
2550	GAIL’s deemed the error as “embarrassing” and immediately apologised for the mistake.
2551	Game 2 of the best-of-seven series is Monday.
2552	"Games against City have always been spectacular.
2553	Garden was transformed into a festival-style celebration for young people and their loved ones, with giant deckchairs, bunting and garden games and activities.
2554	Garrison likes many aspects of Penrose Library, which offers traditional books, videos, recording devices, a computer lab, meeting rooms, reading groups, copiers and other services and equipment.
2555	Gaulitana: A Festival of Music is principally supported by the Investment in Cultural Organisations – Gozo of Arts Council Malta and the Ministry for Gozo.
2556	Gay had plagiarism allegations over her 1997 dissertation, but she requested corrections and was cleared of academic misconduct by a three-member independent review board.
2557	Gaza war: Where does Israel get its weapons?
2558	Gbadegeshin said that the plastic product was dangerous to human health.
2559	GBTC’s manager Grayscale Investments LLC intends to launch a clone of the fund as it vies with rivals offering cheaper products.
2560	GCAP: Europe's New 6th Generation Fighter Is Now in 'Supercruise'
2561	Geibel Catholic is led by the WPIAL’s leading scorer in Emma Larkin, who is averaging 25.2 points per game.
2562	General Hospital (GH) spoilers update for Monday, December.
2563	Generally, junior staff travel economy class while the minister and senior officials fly in business.
2564	Gene was preceded in death by his parents and three brothers, Al, Herb and Donnie.
2565	Gentle micellar water cleansers and retinol-infused hair products help stimulate cell turnover.
2566	Gen Z is the bravest (or most motivated by cash), while Boomers are saying “No thanks” to spooky living.
2567	Geographical reach will initially be across Galway, expanding to rural areas in late 2024 to early 2025.
2568	Georgeformby says: “After Bradley's performance the other night, Trent wont be missed if he goes.”
2569	George Stephanopoulos interviews White House National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan on “This Week.”
2570	Georgia isn't a state that requires net metering, so contact your utility company and ask about any potential solar benefits.
2571	Georgia Jones, of Grant Thornton, told a full council meeting the audit looked at whether Pendle Council had the right governance arrangements in place to judge whether it was delivering value for money.
2572	Georgian Dream got almost 54% of the official vote in October's election.
2573	GeoWealth Management LLC acquired a new position in Fortinet in the second quarter worth about $30,000.
2574	Germany’s first hobby horsing championship got underway in Frankfurt on Saturday, with hundreds of young riders competing in time jumping, style jumping and dressage on their wooden stick horses.
2575	Gerrie was an active member of the Union Congregational Church of North Reading, Mass. serving on many committees, including Faith Circle, Serendipity Circle, and Holiday Fairs where she and her husband Bob would help Santa with Christmas activities.
2576	Gerry O’Donnell, defending, told the court that his client was 17 at the time and has a previous conviction for behaving in a threatening or abusive manner.
2577	Get ready for the movie’s release in December!”
2578	Gets in with a light weight after the jockey’s claim, and this is thin after the early favourite came out.
2579	Gets you recognition well over $26,000 in advertising would get you.
2580	Getting a job is not easy.
2581	Getting there, however, is a slog.
2582	GETY has been the topic of several recent analyst reports.
2583	Get your entries in while you can, and hopefully it helps add to Heyward’s legacy.
2584	Get yourself out of the office for a bit and do lunch properly.
2585	Get your tickets online https://events.
2586	GFL Environmental Inc. (NYSE:GFL) Shares Sold by Citigroup Inc.
2587	Giant asset manager BlackRock Inc (NYSE: BLK) has announced earnings for Q4 2023, with figures beating Wall Street expectations.
2588	Gifford wrote the lyrics and contributed vocals on tracks “Love Me to Death,” “Once Again,” and “Whiskey and Wine,” the last two being duets with James.
2589	Gilead Sciences had a net margin of 0.45% and a return on equity of 29.00%.
2590	Gillian Smart provides the latest weather forecast for July.
2591	Ginger Allen celebrates the vote against axing the Rainbow Festival.
2592	Giovanni Costantino, CEO of the Bayesian's builders The Italian Sea Group, has previously told MailOnline the sinking was 'down to human error' and blamed crew for not securing the yacht insisting it was 'unsinkable'.
2593	Giuffre told Churcher over email she had a ghostwriter to tell her story about being victimized by Epstein, saying, “I wanted to put the names of those a–holes, oops I meant to say, pedo’s, that J.E. sent me to.”
2594	Given his worldwide fame, he’s pretty accessible to reporters, and anyone, in Maine.
2595	Given Sow Good’s peers higher possible upside, analysts clearly believe Sow Good has less favorable growth aspects than its peers.
2596	“Given Tafi’s market position as a leading 3D tooling/asset marketplace, we have talked with many 3D generative AI tool companies in the market, and we can confidently state what Yellow can do is unparalleled.
2597	Given that my current mattress was less than a year old and posed no trouble for my partner, I decided to try the topper out.
2598	Given the game's current popularity, it makes sense for McFarlane Toys to start with this entry in the series.
2599	'Given we've not got a clean bill of health across the rest of the back line, we need players who are ready to go from the start.
2600	Give them a lot of credit.
2601	Giving a speech in Derby, she promised to give companies a 'bedrock of stability' in which to operate.
2602	"Gladiator II" likely needs to make between $600 and $700 million across the globe to turn a profit in theaters, depending on what the final budget actually is.
2603	Glasgow centre Stafford McDowall will skipper the side, with Glasgow scrum-half George Horne and Edinburgh back-rower Luke Crosbie performing vice-captain duties.
2604	GLBC had a policy for its Kelowna location, which was not distributed to other worksites.
2605	Global Trust Asset Management LLC raised its holdings in Snowflake by 7,500.0% during the second quarter.
2606	Global X Japan Co. Ltd. lifted its holdings in WEC Energy Group by 58.1% in the 2nd quarter.
2607	Go big or go home: The Cannes Film Festival prides itself on grand gestures and romantic ideals—especially when they exude —making it the perfect platform this year for the World Premiere of Francis Ford Coppola.
2608	Godfrey was just able to get a toe on the ball before Ederson smothered it and was injured briefly in the process.
2609	God is blessing you and will continue to bless you.
2610	Go follow “The Opinions” on your favorite podcast player.
2611	Going ahead, the pipeline remains strong with sharp increase expected in new-age tech IPOs including Ola Electric, Swiggy and Mobikwik.
2612	Gold bar size and weight should be the main factors to consider when looking at the safe deposit box.
2613	Goldman Sachs Group Inc. grew its stake in Algonquin Power & Utilities by 754.0% during the 4th quarter.
2614	Golfers are encouraged to support the events by registering to play, making monetary & non-perishable food donations and learning more about how the North Bay Food Bank serves the community.
2615	Goncalves played three games in 2023 before suffering a season-ending injury.
2616	Good, but that is still for the Harry Ransom archives and historians, not for flogging off as a "novel."
2617	Good intentions don't replace coordinated efforts, but there is precious little evidence that the efforts run by the governments are coordinated much at all.
2618	Good physical health can play significant roles in reducing stress and strengthening mental health and resilience.
2619	Good Samaritan Law protects Good Samaritans from harassment on the actions being taken by them to save the life of the road accident victims.
2620	Good to watch you flourish, good to see next episode Miles will be coming on.
2621	Goodwill stores in Minnesota are no exception to joining the incentive club with their VIP memberships.
2622	Google Maps has evolved beyond a simple navigation tool, offering users a plethora of features that extend well beyond directions.
2623	Google owns 15 products that serve at least half a billion people and businesses each—a sprawling ecosystem of gadgets, search and advertising, personal applications, and enterprise software.
2624	GOP Plan Calls for an Execution Spree »
2625	Gorham then rattled off four consecutive wins: 2-0 over Falmouth, 2-0 over Sanford, 4-1 over Marshwood and 3-0 over Thornton Academy.
2626	Gossett went on to win the best supporting actor Oscar for his performance, making history as the first Black actor to win in that category and joining Sidney Poitier and Hattie McDaniel as the only Black performers awarded at the time.
2627	Goud and his friends were travelling in an SUV when they lost control and… pic.
2628	“Government and opposition’s reaction is playing into the far-right playbook.
2629	Government data showed that 64 percent of the Filipino population of over 110 million belongs to the working-age group of 15 to 64 years old which means that the country has the potential to become rich before its population gets old.
2630	Government delegate in the Valencia region, Pilar Bernabé said the project would be a ‘huge improvement for mobility and road safety in the Marina Alta’.
2631	Governor Hyacinth Alia of Benue state has been acknowledged by BudgIT, a civic organization, over prudent management of resources and openness in governance.
2632	Gov. Kay Ivey joined students at the State Capitol Monday morning to reiterate her focus on school choice.
2633	Grace wears vintage c1970 silk-chiffon dress, from a selection at Karen Vintage Boutique.
2634	Gradually, following doctor’s orders, I started feeling better.”
2635	Graham, Jacobson and the writers’ decision to focus on Black joy in that moment is not lost on Winslow.
2636	Graham wholeheartedly disagreed and in true Robbie fashion, the star went on to overshare details of their encounter – after he confessed he shouldn’t be telling it on national TV.
2637	Grandfather Mountain is temporarily closed, but the staff and animals are accounted for and doing well, according to the popular destination for tourists and locals.
2638	Grandma’s, which was founded in 1977, has seen three straight years of sellouts since the COVID-19 pandemic (previously, they had only sold out in the 40 anniversary year).
2639	Granted, there are ways around this.
2640	Granted, they do increase prices like all the other insurance companies, but we found more positive reviews than negative for the other aspects of the company's business.
2641	Great Britain have confirmed their captain for the athletics which gets underway later this week.
2642	Great crowd as they chant for RVD before the match starts.
2643	Great job Marching Trojans for a super successful season, and don’t miss out on their final halftime performance at this week’s last home football game!
2644	“Great sex is born out of great communication,” she adds.
2645	Green chemistry is key to achieving a circular economy by addressing resource use at the molecular level.
2646	Green construction focuses on sustainable building materials and energy-efficient designs.
2647	Greg Smith, Tory MP for Mid Buckinghamshire congratulated the President-Elect, adding that the "special relationship between our two countries must preserve."
2648	Grima testified that before he boarded the uptown F train that day, he was coming from Tompkins Square Park, where he had been “checking on homeless people, doing my rounds.”
2649	Grizzly Excavating is working on the second phase of the Sixth Penny Tax funded project to replace Hanna’s deteriorating water mains along Front Street, Main Street, and Mineral Drive.
2650	Groups or local councils who believe a community asset – pub, shop, leisure centre, open space etc – is at risk can complete a brief expression of interest which will quickly establish if the idea is eligible under the fund’s rules.
2651	Growing up, Alan would spend summers at the Menendez home.
2652	Gryseels, who still sits on the board at the museum, said the museum has faced its brutal colonial past and changed the site for the better.
2653	Guardiola intends to make the most of City’s lighter schedule this month by getting through extra work on the training field, including at a warm-weather camp in Abu Dhabi.
2654	Guards had taken him there in early 2020, he told the investigators, as part of a disputed policy of removing boys from the main displaced persons camps, Al Hol and Roj, when they hit puberty.
2655	Guest bedrooms are located downstairs while the garage is a more solid element, attached to the hill.
2656	Guests share their personal stories of resilience, determination and the pivotal moments that propelled them to success in their post-military careers.
2657	Guests under 17 must be accompanied by a paid adult during the event.
2658	Guests, who were served wine and canapes, included Labour frontbenchers Wes Streeting, Ed Miliband, Steve Kyle and Steve Reed, now the Secretaries of State for Health, Energy, Science and the Environment respectively.
2659	Guidance – setting out how schools and local authorities must take a “support-first” approach to help pupils and their families to tackle barriers to attendance – will be made statutory from August, the DfE has said.
2660	Gunn sent White into the ring as the match officially got underway.
2661	Gusts of 30 to 42mph may cause some disruption throughout the day and journeys may take longer on bus and train services today which is turning out to be a mix of blustery showery showers and sunny spells, with temperatures remaining rather chilly.
2662	GUTERRES: The Israeli military operation in Gaza has reached an unprecedented level of death and destruction.
2663	Hachey-Casey reflected on the impact the clinic had on the Fredericton community and even the province.
2664	Had we been sleeping, it would have got us.”
2665	Haigh's own experiences not only breathe life into the domestic dialogue, but he even shot the film in his actual childhood home.
2666	Hailey McWilliam, Senior Planner at Bousfields, told the meeting that the range of units is intended to “contribute to the mix of housing in the neighbourhood.”
2667	Haiti is the poorest country in the region, its riches leached out by colonial overlords, American occupying forces, corporate predators, and home-grown autocrats.
2668	Hajdu said the stories she heard from folks in the meeting were devastating, and there's room for both the federal and provincial governments to do more to support communities.
2669	Haley received just 31% of the vote in the largely symbolic contest on Tuesday, less than half the 63% that went to "none of these candidates."
2670	Halo Charity provides support to anyone suffering honour based violence and anyone at risk of forced marriage.
2671	Hand, foot, and mouth disease cause your nails to fall off — here, you can see nails falling off with new ones growing beneath.
2672	Hannah Foliant admitted assaulting and robbing a 66-year-old man in his own home.
2673	Hanson said law enforcement would be out in force to safeguard the damaged property.
2674	Happy Holidays To Our Advertisers!
2675	Happy Mother's Day ma," said the message.
2676	Harbor Capital Advisors Inc.’s holdings in Cooper Companies were worth $409,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.
2677	Harmon has had to play a game of patience this term, with only seven starts within his 31 appearances.
2678	Harmony's mother Karen has all but given up hope after decades of trying to uncover the truth of what happened to her child.
2679	Harnett worked 1.1 innings himself, with a strikeout, and Ryder Tweten pitched a clean inning.
2680	Harris has been taking the fight to Trump in her speeches.
2681	Harris Heads to Chicago With Momentum — and GOP Criticism Risingbloomberg.
2682	Harris reiterated it is unacceptable that UN resolutions and the Blue Line in Southern Lebanon have been breached and violated with IDF military activity.
2683	‘Harris’s coaching and planning paid off tonight as she scored winning points in nearly every aspect of her performance in this debate,’ James concluded.
2684	Harry and Meghan have been estranged from the Firm ever since they quit their royal duties and moved to the US in 2020.
2685	Harry Kane: captain Harry Kane has recovered from his back injury and is said to be looking forward to leading England into Euro 2024.
2686	Harry Kane helped drag Bayern Munich to a come-from-behind 3-2 win at Wolfsburg on Sunday in new manager Vincent Kompany's Bundesliga debut.
2687	Harry said: 'Their proper name is polygraph tests, because all these tests do is monitor certain outputs from the body, such as blood pressure, respiration rate and so forth.'
2688	Hart left Game 6 in the fourth quarter with an abdominal strain after he was clearly in discomfort multiple times during the game.
2689	Hart worked with Google to develop the new algorithm, “Perch,” which uses artificial intelligence to recognize Hawaiian bird songs.
2690	Hassan Nasrallah said retaliation for Israel's killing of a top Hezbollah commander would be “strong” and “effective”.
2691	Havant Borough Council officers and partners including Hampshire and Isle of White Constabulary will continue to follow due process for removal.”
2692	Have stayed out of casinos since.
2693	Have used this service for many years but won’t be using Morrisons again."
2694	Have you also encountered a hero dog like Appa in your life, ka-Siloy?
2695	Having a professional appraiser examine the internal components can also provide additional security, ensuring that the watch operates correctly and that its value is justified by its functionality.
2696	Having a team that can gain 97 points is exceptional, having a team to qualify for the Champions League is exceptional."
2697	Having clarified that this is divisive, you should use the build above.
2698	Having Evans as a villain going up Sam who is his variants successor is just too good to pass up.
2699	Having researched the issues and candidates, I believe that Angela Thomas embodies the values of transparency, accountability and environmental stewardship that are crucial for our community’s future.
2700	Having tenanted the pub for 11 years, Mr Dunn and his family are themselves set to leave in the coming weeks.
2701	Hawaiians aren’t asking for anything more than any other host culture would in their own “home.”
2702	He added: “And I think with such a bridge being built, more opportunities will be provided for commerce here in the community, and something that we believe that helped boost the economy of Linden and by extension Region 10.”
2703	He added at the time that Canadian officials had done “effectively workshops with the Indian government, to explain what our standards legally would be” for terrorism extraditions.
2704	He added: "Greenock police station as it stands is in a poor and deteriorating condition.
2705	He added: “In the short term though, anyone struggling with bills should speak to their supplier to make sure they’re getting the help they need and look around to make sure they’re on the best, most affordable deal for them.”
2706	He added: “I want to take this opportunity to thank my family.
2707	He added: "I would also urge anyone with any questions or concerns to contact our dedicated contact centre on 0208 356 3691 so we can investigate and seek to resolve them as soon as possible.”
2708	He added: “My client has shown insight and is regretful of his behaviour.
2709	He added: "Smoking in vehicles with passengers under 18 is another situation where fines may apply, amounting to up to £50 for both the driver and the smoker.
2710	He added that although the evidence showed he had taken his own life, he would not be recording a conclusion of suicide.
2711	He added that churches tell him “they want to be equipped, they want to be able to respond”, and Mr Jarvis pledged to “work closely with” religious institutions which are covered in the Bill to provide them with support.
2712	He added that he had been drinking the night before until 6 a.m.
2713	He added that Olympics officials ignored him, adding, “But as unbelievable as it is, they have not responded to this to this day.”
2714	He added that the average time to get an initial appointment with a therapist is around five days, but they can screen individuals and schedule them for the same day if they’re deemed to be a risk to themselves or others.
2715	He added that the current deal was not high enough because it did not take into account how Britvic's finances are expected to improve over the next few years as a standalone company.
2716	He added that the state government was in touch with key stakeholders towards generating more funds for the project.
2717	He added that the world needed to avoid what happened during the Covid pandemic where rich nations stockpiled vaccines for their own use.
2718	He added that while underground bins have largely been successful, they do present some logistical challenges when it comes to where they can be installed due to things like sewers and gas pipes that sit below street level.
2719	He added the report has interesting implications for the future of work.
2720	Heading into the 2023 FIFA Women’s World Cup, Colombia wasn’t expected to go very far.
2721	He admitted dangerous driving and failing to provide a specimen for analysis.
2722	He admitted that his father was “a technophobe”, but “would have been fascinated” by the new technology, which has been used to bring back Elvis Presley for stage shows, and radio DJ Tommy Vance signing off the Boom Rock station.
2723	Head of Department of Oncology in KGH Panduranga Kumari called upon women not to neglect lumps in their breast, and go for early screening.
2724	He adopted his cat, Albert, from a shelter near his hometown in Illinois.
2725	“Headphones are essential if you plan on talking to friends online, or if you plan on taking in all the sound design that these games have to offer,” Dylan explained.
2726	Headquartered in Stamford, Webster Bank serves the Northeast from New York to Massachusetts.
2727	He allegedly “openly discussed plans to play” for another team in the Patriots’ locker room mid-season, ’s Andrew Callahan and Doug Kyed.
2728	He also called for measures to boost the resilience of economies and societies, as infrastructure buckles, crops fail, and pressure is piled on water supplies, power grids and health systems by extreme heat.
2729	He also expressed satisfaction with the voter turnout and orderly conduct of the exercise.
2730	“He also intended to talk to him to see if they could help with his concerns,” said Mr Gaffney.
2731	He also pointed out that it is rare for any oil-producing country to have its chief policymaker, in Guyana’s case Vice President Bharrat Jagdeo, to engage with the public and media through his weekly press conferences.
2732	He also put a non-harassment order (NHO) in place barring McMahon from contacting or attempting to contact her ex for the next 12 months.
2733	He also said that the energy company later posted N2 trillion as turnover in 2022 and N3.4 trillion in 2023 respectively.
2734	He also said the new fighter will be ready in 2035 as planned.
2735	He also sees it as potentially useful for sellers looking to forecast how much they need to purchase for their next season, a task he called “labour-intensive.”
2736	He also served on the editorial board of The Harvard Crimson, where he often found himself with the minority on the right side of issues, against the Crimson’s majority leftists.
2737	He also shared the view that it's "very likely" these switching offers will continue as the current account market is "very competitive" at present.
2738	He also signed the 1965 Medicare Amendment to the Social Security Act into law, giving millions of seniors medical care.
2739	He also stated that KCee has never gone on podcasts to bash younger musicians because he always moves with the times.
2740	He also suffered a badly cut lip which required stitching.
2741	He also thinks mobile IDs can make life safer for the public and police alike with wireless ID sharing during traffic stops.
2742	Health and wellbeing charity, the Pioneering Care Partnership (PCP) has launched its long-awaited renovations at its healthy living hub, the Pioneering Care Centre in Newton Aycliffe.
2743	Health chiefs said the hospital had now entered a “recovery phase" and there would be a review of the incident.
2744	Health experts have warned Brits of the three symptoms of cancer we should all be on the lookout for when we sit down for dinner.
2745	Health Secretary Ted Herbosa, who serves as the ex officio chair of PhilHealth, appealed to President Marcos to suspend again the implementation this year of the increase in premiums.
2746	He always knew how to cheer you up.
2747	He and Valor Christian grad Roger Rosengarten have formed the top tackle duo in the country, but it’s Fautanu who earned All-American honors and will be a first-round draft pick in a few months.
2748	He appealed to the people to vote for the BJP to “put an end to the era of Abdullahs and Muftis”.
2749	• Heard Burdick also report on spending of ARPA funds.
2750	He a recent Baldwin Wallace poll of Ohioans who put immigration high on their list of issues.
2751	He argued that the Bible plainly indicated that a man required a helper, not a dependant, and that if a woman chooses to abstain from the financial responsibility of supporting their mate, they are not helpers.
2752	Heartbreaking really, really sad what happened there and may he rest in peace."
2753	Hearthside Food Solutions added that the investigation resulted in no fines and was not the main reason for the bankruptcy filing.
2754	He asked Nestlé’s spokesperson whether children were involved in making its chocolate.
2755	Heat the griddle, then add the steak.
2756	Heavy police presence could be seen under the southbound ramp, where Humble police discovered a man in a car who had been shot and later pronounced dead.
2757	Heavy rains are sweeping across the Garden Route, with motorists warned to exercise caution, while some waterlogged roads have been closed.
2758	He became deputy minister in 2021, but stepped down voluntarily a year later.
2759	He believes it is time to resurrect the idea in part: double yellow lines around the Allt Ddu bus terminus, and at bling bends.
2760	He boasted of the pub’s history, which he believes to have stood since the 1700s and is tied to his friend and property tycoon Ginger Burke, 76, Sporting Green’s owner and cousin to Garlath.
2761	He briefly left Sunday's game, but returned.
2762	He called having Ashby in police custody "a relief for us and hopefully for the community."
2763	"He called me from a Citibank number," said Soudabeh Enayati.
2764	He called on the SPLM-IO to rejoin the Tumaini initiative for the sake of lasting peace in the country.
2765	He called their actions a “b*tch move.”
2766	He calls this the last chapter in the project.
2767	“He can come on our next trip,” Blumenthal said.
2768	He can surely cover, so that’s a skill set that you want so that guys can get the balls in the back end.”
2769	He cataloged his images from that period in the book “Bosnians,” published in 2005.
2770	He cocks his leg and arrows a volley toward the corner but it smashes against the post.
2771	He confirmed that the Lautoka City Council was looking for someone to lead the project and had invited bids from interested parties.
2772	“He contacted her family asking for her number,” Ms Stace said.
2773	He continued by saying that Marvin has to take one for the team and he’s sure that he would understand.
2774	He continued: "I feel that my development mirrored the club’s.
2775	He continued: "It is always the hardest thing for me to ever disappoint my fans or postpone a show, but have no doubt I am working hard to accelerate my recovery and get back to performing soon.
2776	He continued: 'So how do they not realise?
2777	He could have been killed.
2778	“He could tell I really wanted to learn.
2779	He counsels on corporate governance, public policy and regulatory matters for all of Disney’s legal affairs globally.
2780	Hector Del Curto serves as bandoneón soloist.
2781	He currently writes for Collider, as he works towards his journalism postgrad degree.
2782	He denies Democrats' assertions he plans to sign into law a national ban on abortions.
2783	‘He described the situation to me as best he knew it… I was flabbergasted, then horrified.
2784	He developed an interest in the Viking Age and saga literature at an early age, which led him to study Nordic languages in Kiel.
2785	Hedge fund manager and investor Ray Dalio thinks a new American civil war is possible.
2786	Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 12.69% of the company’s stock.
2787	He did not acknowledge them as firesides, which he viewed as an uplifting gatherings “under the direction of the church.”
2788	He didn’t get on the score sheet, but he was very good in the air all day.
2789	He didn't make a single sound.
2790	He disclosed that the project was delivered in spite of litigations by some residents to stop the contractor from blasting rocks to give way for road construction in the district.
2791	He displayed this collection of skulls in a private museum on his estate located in Farnham, Dorset.
2792	He does such a great job taking away the middle defensively.
2793	He eagerly embraces the challenge, stating, “That is my great goal, to be the best.
2794	He earned his diving certification and then moved back to one of L.A.’s beach communities and became an instructor.
2795	He elaborated on the subject while speaking to This Morning’s Ben Shephard and Cat Deeley.
2796	He emphasized that maintaining sobriety is part of his duty to “be a good man.”
2797	He encouraged the public to withhold judgment until all facts are revealed.
2798	He enjoyed exploring all places within the city, but there was one area that stood out to him most.
2799	He entered a ‘not guilty’ plea and is detained pending trial, according to a FBI spokesperson.
2800	He even enlisted two cinematographers, Emmanuel Lubezki and Bruno Delbonnel, to add a distinct visual language to the different perspectives in the story.
2801	He eventually promised a refund - before ignoring their messages altogether, Nottingham Crown Court was told on Thursday, and has made no effort to repay them since.
2802	He explained that a combined bill could bring in $30 million toward Missouri veterans’ homes and cemeteries and an additional $250 million toward schools in the state.
2803	He explained that businesses understand the “different rhythms” of students coming to Boston for school and going on break, which affects the economic side of business.
2804	He explained that he wanted to win, that he would win.
2805	He explained that they are clamouring for restructuring and failure to do it will have a negative effect on the country.
2806	“He finds himself something of a social pariah in the Tow Law area and the house previously belonged to his only friend in that area, as he has no family connections there.
2807	He further emphasised that the tournament is more than just a competition – it is an opportunity to elevate Eswatini’s global standing in netball.
2808	He gained national prominence during Trump’s first term, leading multiple investigations into Trump and his allies.
2809	He gave a great effort.
2810	He got to experience the best of the time-honoured school competition on Thursday when he led Dubbo to a strong basketball win over Orange High.
2811	“He had already survived all that and then (the dog attack) has happened.”
2812	He had also visited the Balkan states on numerous occasions from the mid-1990s.
2813	He had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich the other day when I wasn't around.
2814	He had been convicted of and other sexual offences and sentencing had been deferred for the court to obtain a report on Murray’s background.
2815	He had been the No. 1 game analyst before shifting to the studio after the hiring of Tony Romo.
2816	He had held a range of short-term jobs, including fixing refrigeration units at a slaughterhouse and repairing machines at a hospital.
2817	He has also just boomed a drive down the short par four third.
2818	He has appeared in several films.
2819	He has a very, very fine left foot.
2820	He has been a competition judge for 20 years and had awarded both works, first place in the best local scene category in separate years.
2821	He has been part of almost all of Venkat Prabhu’s films, including Mankatha.
2822	He has been playing chess since the age of 13, and established himself as a famous face in the chess world when he won the English championship in 2008.
2823	He has been unapologetic about his political change of heart, even weaponizing his flip-flop by blaming the news media for distorting voters’ views of Mr. Trump.
2824	He has denied all accusations.
2825	He has denied those allegations.
2826	He has homered in 14.9% of his games in 2024 (seven of 47), and 3.9% of his trips to the plate.
2827	He has promised to be a different kind of president this time, one who is unrestrained by checks on power built into the American political system.
2828	“He has taken advantage of courses there to better himself and there is a network of support prepared for him on his release.”
2829	He has taken on the moniker ‘Money’ Moicano and the mantra, “I cannot afford to lose.”
2830	He has, therefore, nothing to lose.
2831	"He has the world's biggest archive of comedian portraits - he's an obsessive collector of comedic memorabilia.
2832	He has used his mobile phone to post the video.
2833	He hated Jews, intellectuals and Ivy Leaguers, and Halperin and Gelb were all three.
2834	He highlighted how the release of classified documents in 2012 appeared to show that - despite her public hard line - Mrs Thatcher had made a secret offer to the strikers that would have given them all their demands.
2835	He highlighted that cleanliness serves as a form of service to both society and the planet.
2836	He himself excelled at basketball and co-captained the Marlboro High School Panther team as a senior in the 1952-53 season.
2837	He holds a bachelor’s degree in economics and business administration from the College of Business and Economics at Qatar University (2003).
2838	He hopes to discuss the issue again when the city debates its 2025 budget in November.
2839	He introduced each of the five men, Corporal Matt Mulholland and Officers Ali Kahlili, Jarred Flower, Cameron Mbanugo and Michael Drace then read about their backgrounds.
2840	He is 20-of-28 for 178 and also an interception.
2841	"He is a father himself.
2842	He is affectionately called 'Wonk' as he often walks with a profound limp and has limited use of his leg.
2843	He is also scheduled to play in the Wimbledon Championship this year.
2844	He is believed to be wearing a black tracksuit.
2845	He is contracted to Argyle and they will do what they see right for Will’s development.
2846	He is currently juggling his college course, training and a part-time job but Leah says any sponsorship he could find would be a massive boost.
2847	He is definitely going to be missed."
2848	He is doubtful the government’s new measures will be enough.
2849	He is leaving his role as club ambassador at the end of the season.
2850	He is not new to the game; he has been active in politics since 1999.
2851	He is said to have approached the boys a second time, and proceeded to drive away when the boys told him to leave.
2852	He is setting all sorts of records for efficiency through the first month of the season and they are well placed to handle the 1-3 Browns.
2853	He is settled in, there are no airs or graces, but I didn't expect there to be because Liverpool players are sound.
2854	He joined as a scholar in the 2020/21 season, signing from Man City.
2855	“He just figured out his hair!”
2856	He knows for that three or four months criminality, he will pay a heavy price."
2857	He knows where all the skeletons are buried, more skeletons than Dia de los Muertos.”
2858	He later succumbed to his injuries.
2859	He lauded the quality of research done by the author.
2860	He left Parliament in 2010 after 23 years, having represented Bethnal Green and Bow in London for the Respect Party in the last five, before returning as a Bradford MP in 2012.
2861	Helen Thomas, the head of Radio 2, said everyone at the station was “saddened” to hear of the news.
2862	He lived a happy and simple life, just the way he wanted.
2863	He lives with his son and two grandchildren in the home.
2864	He’ll go to their rookie development camp — which all of them are right after the draft — just like any of our drafted players do.
2865	Hello, Tyers here, hope you are having a restful and/or enjoyable Sunday.
2866	He looked bound to leave the club in January and Serie A side Lecce were interested.
2867	He lost his battle in 2021, but not without a fight!
2868	He lost them and so he was later killed by the real boss.
2869	Help us stay that way by becoming a paid subscriber, if you can!
2870	He made his comments after meeting with a group of top Arab diplomats in Cairo for discussions about efforts pertaining to a ceasefire and Gaza's post-war future.
2871	He made the disclosure after his visit to some agencies under the Ministry’s supervision.
2872	He made this announcement on Tuesday (May 28) during the ‘What’s New’ workshop on legal reform with young legal professionals at the President’s office.
2873	He may well be guilty.
2874	He moved back to Ireland in 2021 with his wife, Nicola, and three daughters.
2875	He never talked about it.
2876	He noted that the police had contacted local social welfare officials to assist in handling the situation.
2877	He notes the industry is estimated to support 200,000 jobs, including people working in production and across the wider supply chain.
2878	He now enters free agency next week as an unrestricted free agent.
2879	He now faces up to 15 years in prison if convicted, with his next court appearance scheduled for February 27.
2880	Henry hasn’t had to take to social media again with regards to outgoing transfers over the past 11 years, but when making Liverpool’s Suarez stance clear for all to see in 2013, he set a precedent for his club and their employees to follow.
2881	Henry’s son Fred ran a motor engineering business, so in two generations the family occupation advanced effortlessly from one mode of transport to its successor.
2882	He only has one year left on his deal at the Toffees meaning the Merseyside club are cashing-in now.
2883	He or she is in an ideal position to provide advice on the prevention and /or treatment strategy best suited to your particular circumstances.
2884	He played only four snaps last week.
2885	He played youth hockey and was on the golf and trap shooting teams at Wabasha-Kellogg High School.
2886	He pointed to Tennessee announcing their resolution, Louisiana’s governor putting the 10 Commandments back in all schools and Oklahoma’s superintendent of schools declaring the Bible to be taught as a historical document.
2887	He positioned himself as an alternative for right-wing voters disillusioned with Netanyahu’s leadership, advocating for judicial reforms and opposing concessions to Palestinians.
2888	He predicted a rise to beyond the Premier League before his apprentice had even left.
2889	He previously praised the “impeccable combat work” of his air crews in striking the Sevastopol command post at Yukharin Balka where the rumours had suggested Gerasimov was a victim.
2890	He previously said: "I let the geezer stay at mine because he had nowhere else to go.
2891	He previously said: "I want my kids to get their own money, do their own things and be their own people.
2892	He put on a show-and-go and threatened to breach the line at close range early in the second half but that was as close as he came to inspiring points.
2893	He questioned: “Before I answer the question, I’ll ask you a question.
2894	Her appointment comes almost eight months since the firing of immediate-past coach Peace Chawinga-Kaluwa, who has since sued the association for unlawful dismissal.
2895	Her best attempt of 9.44m was enough for her to take third behind Ukraine's Mariia Pomazan and China's Jun Wang in Thursday's final.
2896	Herbruck's declined to comment.
2897	Her critically acclaimed memoir, was published in 2015, and her second solo album, is due for release this Friday (8 March).
2898	Her daughter went through ten different placements in five years, during which time she was significantly further traumatised.
2899	Here are all the ways the Long Boom turned into an even longer bust.
2900	Here are some of the best creepy titles for players to try.
2901	Here are some of the most missed meals that fast food customers wish would make a return…
2902	Her early married life was spent in Malaya and it is there that she is said to have fed her creative aspirations, spending her time sketching, making woodcuts, painting in watercolour and where she learnt sculpture.
2903	Here at Robson Ranch, our 338 cornholers play on Friday evenings in the Cimarron gymnasium.
2904	He recalled: "There was a tiny bag of popcorn.
2905	He recalls a time when our ancestors lived in small cottages, sang songs and sat around fire places: “I often think of my granny’s kitchen table down in Wexford.
2906	He received a community order that requires him to carry out a 43-day programme and up to 20 rehabilitation activity days, as well as pay a fine of £100 and be placed on the sex offenders register for five years.
2907	He recently went to watch Derby when they played Watford, but it was purely as a spectator.
2908	He refused to remove either one from the roles he had given them.
2909	Here is your nightly thread for the evening, the place to discuss whatever may be on your mind, from Elimination Chamber, which I haven't yet watched, to college basketball or hockey action.
2910	He requested photographs of her with just a towel.
2911	Here's a look at typical costs and system sizes, according to FindEnergy.
2912	Here’s a special Thanksgiving message from Starnes Media’s general manager Tim Stephens.
2913	Here’s everything you need to know about Bel-Air’s future episodes.
2914	Here's one of the most diverse techniques in the series.
2915	Here’s spring training in a nutshell.
2916	Here’s the most troubling fact.
2917	Here’s what happened …
2918	Here's what you can look forward to in the debut issue.
2919	Here's what you need to know about the process and the schedule.
2920	Here’s what you’ve got to understand: The interracial thing was part of a revolution, too, because back in the ’40s and stuff, they would say, ‘You can’t mess with a white man’s money.
2921	Her family claims a school district in California, as well as District 11 in Colorado Springs, made accommodations for Victoria to receive education at home.
2922	Her father Anil Mehta died by suicide last month and Arjun Kapoor publicly confirmed his breakup with Malaika.
2923	Her favorite moments include when “customers and neighbors come in and say they love our food and then come back again.”
2924	Her friends had already left for the Lhakhang and she followed her friends on foot, towards the Dechenphu Lhakhang.
2925	Her funeral will take place this week.
2926	Her grandchildren have been diagnosed with asthma, like many other residents.
2927	Her grandmother immigrated to the U.S. from Haiti and was the family’s unofficial money coach.
2928	Her hair was effortlessly styled into a casual updo, featuring a full fringe, and she rounded off her look with brown sunnies and tasteful gold jewellery.
2929	Her holograms will be included in a retrospective that opens Sept. 24 at the Mori Art Museum in Tokyo.
2930	Heritage Family Offices LLP lifted its position in Check Point Software Technologies by 1.6% during the third quarter.
2931	Her journey to stardom included in circuses across various cities before she gained national recognition in the 1960s.
2932	Her most recent outfit is a perfect example of making a statement while staying true to her unique style.
2933	Hernandez was allowed to resign gracefully in December while he was under investigation.
2934	“Her next of kin have been informed and are being supported by officers.
2935	Her opponent, former state Senate President Chuck Morse, has spotlighted his conservative credentials and his But the former president stayed neutral in the race.
2936	Her protective ability solidifies her role as a reliable member in decks vulnerable to Shang-Chi, Killmonger, or other destructive forces.
2937	Her reporting for the regional team will focus on education, business, public safety, and equity and immigration.
2938	Her response was a nod to a viral social media sound about living the stress-free, soft life.
2939	Her reverence of the monarch was manifested in how low she curtsied, reported the Queen’s Press Secretary Sir Bernard Ingham.
2940	Her source on this was that well known gunshot trauma expert, Martina Navratilova.
2941	Her talent was largely left unseen until two years after her premature death at 32, when British audiences made her posthumous albums number one, three times over, following radio airplay of her renditions of Fields of Gold and Over the Rainbow.
2942	Hertfordshire officers will be cracking down on knife crime as part of a nationwide campaign.
2943	Her third, A Light in the Dark: Surviving More Than Ted Bundy, releases October 3, 2023, from Chicago Review Press and is co-authored with survivor Kathy Kleiner Rubin.
2944	Her youngest son, Braven Glenn, was 17, a good student, dedicated to his basketball team.
2945	He’s accurate, protects the ball, creates plays on his own and layers throws to all levels and corners of the field.
2946	He’s aggressive in the running game and brings good energy as a wide-eyed rookie having fun out there.
2947	He said earlier in the week that he was “deeply saddened by this terrible loss”.
2948	He said employees who contribute to the National Insurance Scheme would be automatically included in unemployment insurance with the requisite obligations and benefits.
2949	He said he’d wanted to tidy up the site and that he didn’t think the holiday let plans would cause any harm.
2950	He said he had information on the whereabouts of the victim and demanded R50,000, raising suspicions of extortion,’’ he said.
2951	He said his project at Texas State University’s Forensic Anthropology Center would be “deader than a doornail” if there’s a national ban on Chinese-made drones.
2952	He said: “I have been asked many times: Why did I choose football?
2953	He said in an interview that their biggest issues was communication on account of him speaking Turkish and Dibo speaking only Arabic.
2954	He said: "I think from where we're starting, yes.
2955	He said: “I thought they were going to do something so I was trying to frighten them, to let them know I had something on me.
2956	He said, “it is essential to emphasize that the funds to be saved from the withdrawal of electricity subsidy will be reinvested in enhancing power supply across the country and improving other vital social services such as health and education.
2957	He said it “strikes a balance”.
2958	He said: “It was ball displacement.
2959	He said it was certainly not Nazi propaganda, adding that he had removed the armband as soon as he was made aware of the complaint.
2960	He said it was time for Umno Sabah to abandon conventional election strategies and adopt new methods that can attract support, particularly from young voters.
2961	He said: "I've been on this for what must now be the best part of three-and-a-half years.
2962	He said: “I watched after the Court verdicts of the election, everybody that came out would say I thank Mr. President for not interfering.
2963	He said local officials remain hopeful a buyer is found for the former Double Tree Hotel, located next door to the convention center.
2964	He said, ‘Look, I don’t have anything for you right now other than we need to fill in on the radio network for two games this year.’
2965	He said Ms Price’s creditors were “not just owed money, they are owed peace of mind” and described his ex-wife as a “calculated, cold person”.
2966	He said Nigerians should rather demand accountability of funds released to their states and local councils for the provision of social infrastructure at the grassroots at the appropriate quarters.
2967	He said over 2,000 people in the area have managed to buy fertilizer and maize is still available in all Agricultural Development and Marketing Corporation (Admarc) depots.
2968	He said Punk screwed him at WrestleMania and then in front of his family in Scotland.
2969	He said: "Sometimes it is hard for people to understand that a bus is running late because of a road closure on the other side of town, but that is the reality."
2970	He said the biggest message from Maharashtra after the Haryana polls is unity, adding ‘ek hain to safe hain’ has become the country’s ‘mahamantra’.
2971	He said the Complaint Bureau Department of the commission was also available to receive complaints from policyholders.
2972	He said the incident took place at about 03:30 local time (02:30 GMT) on Sunday and that the intruder was likely familiar with the winery grounds.
2973	He said the intention of the legislation surrounding closure orders was that cases were heard promptly, so forced the case to be heard as soon as possible.
2974	He said the project was not an isolated one and referred to the recent restoration of the Grand Master’s Palace and work on the St John’s Co-Cathedral.
2975	He said the proposal would be “a taking of significant economic value to landowners” and would give neighboring landowners “a say in what you do with your property.”
2976	He said the pursuit for pleasure is what drives people to make several purchases weekly, with some using them to cleanse the body.
2977	He said: “The same thing happens with apples, one year you get a fantastic crop, the tree gets exhausted, it just takes a year off.”
2978	He said the youths would continue to occupy the place until the governor swears in a successor.
2979	He said this recognition will inspire other universities with historic architecture to protect their heritage through trademarks.
2980	He said: “We are equally promoting sustainable non-motorised transportation by investing in pedestrian-friendly infrastructure, including walkways and cycling lanes.
2981	He said, “We emphasise that this operation had no connection with the NLC, its secretariat, staff, or leadership.
2982	He said: "When it started happening, it was scary and embarrassing.
2983	He said, тАЬAnd last but not least my daughter RahaтАж naughtyтАж you were born and a week later I started principal shooting for Animal and every single day just to come home to you has been the most joyful experience of my life.
2984	He’s also an adoptive father, and he remembers when the state legislature made it harder for unmarried fathers to intervene in adoptions.
2985	He sat on an old chair, with a visage of a map of pain, reflecting the turmoil of his past.
2986	He says the Rangers are ready for Thursday's game and they're in "game mode."
2987	He says things are different now and Nikkita says he did text her, right?
2988	He's been absolutely perfect since Cheltenham.
2989	He’s been conducting these Fringe conversations with notable figures from and the media for several years now and has become a master in the art.
2990	He's been down at the Academy since the age of six, his friends have been his football friends," John explained.
2991	He scored 50 goals in the sixth game loss to Orlando in the first round.
2992	He sees his wife and children every two or three months, when his wallet and safety conditions allow.
2993	He’s going to be their featured back for sure with AJ Dillon now on season-ending injured reserve and rookie MarShawn Lloyd just coming back from injury.
2994	He should, therefore, take the pledge that he will never part ways with the BJP again,” said Swamy.
2995	He shut down the free press and aggressively moved against dissident voices.
2996	He's in the process of moving houses and recently held a garage sale, during which some other not-for-sale items went missing from his home—a canoe, some tools and a wheelbarrow.
2997	He’s in the team to win possession back but did so just once in the first 45 despite St Johnstone having all the ball.
2998	He slowly drifted out of favour, scoring just 15 times in 45 appearances in his final season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.
2999	He sounded like he was only in his 70s.
3000	He squatted on the tarmac after the race and covered his face, the crowd thundering “Guanyu, Guanyu, Guanyu.”
3001	He’s reflective about the passage of time and his stature: “These kids don’t even know who I am/You don’t know you in the presence of a real made man.”
3002	He's set up for success if he's healthy.
3003	He started currency trading in the 1980s and made a fortune betting against the pound in the 1992 crash dubbed Black Wednesday.
3004	He stated that proposals regarding the peace agreement were exchanged through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and that Yerevan presented the seventh package of proposals to Baku at the beginning of January.
3005	He stated that the application of Geography addresses socio-economic vulnerabilities and complex interactions between human societies and natura systems.
3006	“He’s telling the truth as he sees it and we’re helping bring that story to life.”
3007	He summed up Tumut easily when he first arrived.
3008	He tells her he doesn't feel traumatized by that event.
3009	He tells the mag: "He's my brother.
3010	He then ruled against the debate since it could prejudice investigations and the rights of the accused in the judicial process.
3011	He then said he emailed Simon Geraghty, the leader of the county council, for a response, but 'did not even receive an acknowledgement email', prompting him to launch the petition.
3012	He then said he would give Mr O'Hara a Covid booster, at which point he felt immediate pain and Kwan quickly left.
3013	He then slapped the bus driver in the face, knocking his sunglasses off, before getting back into his car and driving off.
3014	He then turned his attention to the Facebook page of the Fort Wayne Police Department, the indictment says, posting on Nov. 20 from an account belonging to “Zayed Stevens.”
3015	He then went on to secure the club's safety, before being sacked last season and replaced by ex-Wolves chief Nuno.
3016	He told of the adversity she went through, having been just ten when they lost their father.
3017	He told the court he travelled on the Kidman Way from Griffith, and that the stretch of road was "unfamiliar" to him.
3018	He told the deputy he believed the red van matched the one seen in the area during a period of time when incidents of burglary were reported in the area.
3019	He told TMZ when he went to look at the hood of his vehicle, someone allegedly hit him with a water balloon.
3020	He took over from Dr Renco Yong, who is now the honorary life president, and is assisted by the deputy president Capt Ting Hien Liong.
3021	He took part in the Quit India Movement as a Congress Socialist Party member in his home state, Bihar, the crucible of the socialist movement in India as well as of the leftist version of kisan politics.
3022	He tried to check her pulse and couldn't find one."
3023	He tried to stab it out, but after being so intent on his pads for a long while, the off-side game wasn’t quite there yet.
3024	He urged all the stakeholders to come forward and take maximum benefit of such initiatives of the NALSA.
3025	He used funds from new investors to pay fake returns to earlier investors.
3026	He walked right up to Dan Howard.
3027	He wanted his watch brought to him.
3028	He wants to fully understand the Haggadah, and all of us would do well to emulate the enthusiasm with which he is preparing for the Seder.
3029	He was a great pilot and we will miss him terribly."
3030	He was also an active member of 216 (Redditch) Squadron Air Cadets where, for more than 20 years, he supported the squadron as the chair or treasurer of the committee.
3031	"He was an extremely proud family man - determined in all his endeavours and he put his heart and soul into anything he did.
3032	He was an outstanding guy.”
3033	He was appointed editor in April 1999, shortlt after the signing of the Good Friday Agreement, and has been credited with winning a wider cross-community readership for the paper.
3034	He was back at training last week, doing drills with Lions’ bowling coaches Allan Donald and Garnett Kruger, and it is understood that he has satisfied their requirements in terms of being ready for a four-day match.
3035	He was banned from driving for 30 months and ordered to pay £85 prosecution costs and a £114 statutory surcharge.
3036	He was born and raised in Russia, not in the Karabakh region.
3037	He was charged with one open count of murder and was given no bond.
3038	He was denied renomination for next month’s polls.
3039	He was director of LJ Property Solutions Ltd and Windowseal Ltd when he “dishonestly and persistently” defrauded customers between 2017 and 2023.
3040	"He was full of, you know, happiness, full of very, very enthusiastic, and as I said, always very ambitious," Carol said.
3041	He was given a $10,000 secured bond, which he posted.
3042	He was immediately stopped and arrested on suspicion of breaching a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) after being found with cash in his hand.
3043	He was in a cast until January 4th 2016.
3044	He was later further arrested on suspicion of breaching court bail.
3045	He was loved by all who knew the goodness of his heart.
3046	He was named a "40 under 40" by Direct Marketing News, has been a judge for the AMA Reggie Awards, and has been published in Forbes and many other publications as a subject matter expert.
3047	He was named as the preferred bidder in April 2022, and it seemed almost certain that he would become the new owner of the Rams after receiving 'conditional approval' to buy the club.
3048	He was not invited and given the back bench and the Kuomboka, now he his looking for something to keep his image up.
3049	He was now back living with his partner in Northside and hopes to get back in employment after Christmas, the court was told.
3050	He was one of only 10 athletes ever to have competed in both competitions.
3051	He was only in the lineup because Puig was injured, but he responded to the call.
3052	He was part of the discovery team for several significant gold finds in New Zealand, such as Wharekirauponga.
3053	He was playing Bottom.
3054	He was questioned for over 8 hours regarding the controversial video.
3055	He was returning with his friend after a party and noticed the girl and offered to drop her and committed the crime,” Sarah Fathima, DCP, South East Division, who headed the investigation, said.
3056	He was riding a motorbike and crashed with a Land Rover Freelander on the A683 Burrow Road near Kirkby Lonsdale at around 1.20pm on October 21.
3057	He was sentenced to 11½ to 23 months in jail followed by five years probation.
3058	“He was somebody who worked against the tide in different ways throughout his life,” says art critic and historian R Siva Kumar.
3059	“He was so moved by the fact that we let people hold the bat that he was brought to tears,” Keenan recalled.
3060	He was wearing gloves and a mask, should have known, and his hand was in his pocket the whole time."
3061	He was wrongfully convicted as a result of faults in accounting software developed by Fujitsu for Horizon.
3062	He went 104-35-4 at USC and 75-68 with the Rams, winning postseason games and contending for championships regularly with both teams.
3063	He went on to work at that station for the next two decades.
3064	He will also be part of the consultation and testing process for Abbey Road’s work across Audiomovers and the music tech incubator program, Abbey Road Red.
3065	He will replace Bob Downie when he retires later this year after 26 years at the helm of the maritime tourist attraction Britannia and its sister-ship, the floating hotel Fingal.
3066	He won a silver in the 1,500 in the World Indoor Championships in Glasgow earlier this year.
3067	He would occasionally take a break from studies to occasionally perform voice roles on "The Wild Thornberrys," or on camera, as he did 2002 and 2004 episodes of "Smallville."
3068	He would post footage to Instagram, then lose WiFi or his phone battery would run out.
3069	He wrote in the autobiography: 'Skiing was so sacred for us, so symbolic, especially after our previous skiing holiday, in Switzerland, when she'd (Cressida) miraculously opened me up.
3070	He wrote: "I was careful with my diet but now began to understand the necessity to eat more to allow my body to thrive.
3071	HHM Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 113 shares of the exchange traded fund’s stock valued at $41,000 after acquiring an additional 36 shares during the last quarter.
3072	Hich initially planned to charge drivers $200 a month, or $9.99 per day, to use the app.
3073	Hiddlestone described him as someone who “represents unpredictability, boundary-crossing, disruption, and the question mark.”
3074	High Average Tax Refund in 2024 – Watch Out!
3075	High-dose vitamin C and lysine act as a potent antioxidant shield, neutralizing free radicals and reducing inflammation.
3076	Highlighting steps for mitigation, the report claimed that CrowdStrike developed a patch for the Sensor Content Compiler that validates the number of inputs provided by a Template Type.
3077	Highly recommended if you want a simple and effective way to get that healthy, sun-kissed look without the need for foundation."
3078	High plus 4. Night – Cloudy with 70 percent chance of showers.
3079	High street giant Next has upped its annual profit outlook once again thanks to surging sales overseas and a rebound in UK trading over recent weeks.
3080	Hikers are in dreamland, with a full-circuit footpath and numerous rewarding routes including the easy amble from Whiting Bay to lovely Glenashdale Falls."
3081	'Hikers have told us that Etna is the friendliest town on the trail.
3082	Hiller also credited Samuel Helenius, who engaged in his first NHL fight in just his second game with the big club, with sparking some intensity in the back half of the contest.
3083	Hinch, who has two pennants and a World Series win under his managerial belt, would certainly follow that up with an award win.
3084	His ability to integrate technology and legal expertise makes him an asset in the evolving landscape of legal operations and data intelligence.
3085	His academic pursuits eventually led him to pursue a law degree, and laid the foundation for his future success.
3086	His bill was amended beyond recognition in the Legislature but passed.
3087	His collaboration with Adidas revolutionized the sneaker industry, and Yeezy sneakers remain some of the most sought-after shoes in the world.
3088	His comments came after Labour councillor Francesca Brennan pressed him about the steps local police were taking to support shopworkers and train officers in dealing with retail crime.
3089	His comments come as part of ongoing efforts to reform the digital advertising landscape in Nigeria, ensuring that online advertising remains ethical, transparent, and safe for consumers.
3090	His contribution to the rehaul of the Greek educational system is widely known.
3091	His current world record stands at 8.72m – the ninth-longest jump of all time and his 2024 best is 8.44m – a distance which would have won Olympic silver in Paris and gold at the previous four Games.
3092	His dad got on the radio and awaited the Coast Guard.
3093	His daughter, Athena, came out of his head fully armed.
3094	'His deep interest in the future of that country saw him awarded the Collar of Timor-Leste in 2023.
3095	His family thought that he might have banged his head against the cooker hood.
3096	His goal against Ipswich on Saturday took his tally to two for the current campaign, following a penalty against Aston Villa on the opening weekend.
3097	His home has been damaged twice after a wood piling hit the eaves during low tide.
3098	His legacy and leadership will live on forever.
3099	His legacy teaches us that although our atomized individual identities matter, our shared identity—our shared American values, our obligations to one another—matters most.
3100	His list of previous convictions was encyclopaedically colourful: espionage, computer hacking, contempt of court, making false statements to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and child pornography.
3101	His message drives the film which is energetic and motivated as well as a tad rude, appropriately so.
3102	His mind is very sharp.”
3103	His nature makes him particularly accessible even to viewers unfamiliar with the gaming franchise, as Shadow’s motivation stems from universal feelings of resentment and revenge.
3104	His next assignment is Support Operations at the 21st Theater Sustainment Command where he will work central issue facility reform until his retirement in September 2025.
3105	His ‘nobadcoffeeclub’ has a unique feature because it offers freddo espresso and freddo cappuccino.
3106	His only home at No 9, Captain Kola Street was locked.
3107	Hispania’s “tsinelas” or slippers are made from the Philippines: Luzon on the right, Mindanao on the left.
3108	His partner gave birth to their son whilst he was in prison."
3109	His profile on the band's website states 'he is struggling to connect with the brutal glass forest he is surrounded by'
3110	His response was a revelation.
3111	His second-half stumbles were one of the big reasons the Orioles blew a first-half lead in the American League East and fell to four-and-a-half games behind the New York Yankees on Wednesday.
3112	His southern working-class roots, childhood hardships due to lack of guidance and brutal honesty in his musical lyrics make him a relatable and lovable soul who offers feelings of hope and redemption to his fans.
3113	His strikeout rate comes in at 16.5%, and his walk rate is 9.4%.
3114	His strikeout rate is 22.7%, and his walk rate is 12.5%.
3115	His suggestions have been heavily disputed since, although they remain at least fascinating ideas.
3116	“Historically, Trump’s policies have been pro-business, which likely supports overall economic growth and increases demand for fuel.
3117	History suggests that buying clean when they’ve dropped tremendously and are out of favor with Wall Street can produce some great profits.
3118	His uncle Mo Brings Plenty who was also a star in Yellowstone and acts as a cultural adviser for Native American issues on both that show and 1923, took to Instagram asking his 171k followers for help locating his missing family member on Easter Sunday.
3119	His utterly dominant performance at Florida State’s recruiting camp caused his stock to skyrocket.
3120	His voice sounds funny in the video, like it was dubbed over in Spanish.
3121	His walk rate is 6.9%, and his strikeout rate is 17.4%.
3122	HLN has been the subject of a number of research reports.
3123	Hobbs took out Fletcher with a clothesline.
3124	Hobbton moved to 1-1, and they are in Spivey’s Corner tonight to face the Midway Raiders at 7:30 p.m. They will host Jones on Friday night for another 7:30 p.m. tip off.
3125	Hoekstra said, without qualification, that she could not offer any insight into the process of drafting the rules—a clear statement that she, and FAS, had not been engaged in shaping them.
3126	Holistic health expert and Amitabh Bachchan's trainer, Vrindda, has shared that Amitabh Bachchan is punctual to the t. She added that he is never really late and even if he is late by 5 minutes, he calls to inform and even apologises.
3127	Holly asked if Tate could change them, but he lied that he was visiting his grandparents for the holidays out in California and really needed to be there.
3128	Holly has been openly supportive of Adam, especially as he embarked on his Olympic journey.
3129	Holtec now has 457 employees and 350 contractors employed and expects those numbers to rise to 600 full-time employees and 1,000 contractors when fully the plant is fully staffed.
3130	Holy wells and rag trees: ‘Whether it’s the water or the peace, there is something magic about this place’
3131	Home affairs minister please check road blocks Reduce the number of permanent roadblocks.
3132	HOME FRONT COMMAND: Sirens sounded in the city of Haifa, its bay, and about 20 locations in northern Israel.
3133	Homeowners association: Check your HOA or other neighborhood association rules regarding solar panels.
3134	Home Price Cuts Surge To 18-Month High In Rate-Sensitive Marketfinance.
3135	Honey (x2) – get Honey from either defeating Beegarde or assigning it to the ranch.
3136	Hong Kong saw two of its restaurants make the list, as Wing was the city's highest new entry on the entire list, at 20, while The Chairman was the highest climber, moving from last year's 50th spot into an impressive number 26.
3137	Honorable Mention to Carter Fox, Landon Webster for making it to the semi-final round of four teams.
3138	Honorary Recorder of Liverpool Judge Andrew Menary KC said he had to balance the risk to the defendant's family and the initial risk while in custody against the public interest in accurately reporting his identity.
3139	Hopefully Jonathan Goldstein & John Francis Daley are being considered at the least given they already have a connection to Marvel…
3140	Hoppers Crossing was no match for Caroline Springs and Point Cook’s tough run continues, losing to Altona.
3141	Horner, 50, has always denied the claims.
3142	“Horror-movie escapism helps people take a break from true, real horrors, because you’ve got to have some outlet right now.”
3143	Horror, says Universal’s John Murdy, has for too long been male-centric.
3144	Horvath, formerly of King Street, Dover, admitted robbery and was jailed for three years and four months.
3145	Hosted by BCRS Business Loans and Responsible Finance, the webinar, titled ‘Financing Your Business When Banks Can’t Help’, will take place during the British Business Bank’s Business Finance Week, on Tuesday, October 1, from 1pm to 2.15pm.
3146	Houle’s report stated council can move forward with a demolition permit to the Town of Oliver, which includes the submission of a hazardous assessment report, within 30 days of the owner being served with notice to complete remedial actions.
3147	House Republican on Fox News Calls George Soros ‘A Money Changer Of The Worst Kind’
3148	House’s dad also sang and played guitar by ear.
3149	House Speaker Mike Johnson told CNN’s Jake Tapper on “State of the Union” on Sunday that releasing the report would open a “Pandora’s box” since Gaetz had left Congress, even though such action would not be unprecedented.
3150	House Speaker Mike Johnson, who has a slim 219-212 Republican majority, has indicated he could try to split the aid provisions into separate measures, once the bill arrives from the Senate.
3151	Houston has five wins in eight games against the spread this year.
3152	Houston Mayor John Whitmire said four, and possibly five, people were killed after storms Thursday swept through Harris County, which includes Houston.
3153	Houston operates an air raid offense.
3154	Hovde Group’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 4.65% from the company’s current price.
3155	How about gold?
3156	Howard spent the past four seasons at Kansas State.
3157	“How can I oppose a proposal that is not before the Constitution Review Committee?” he asked, suggesting that the claims were politically motivated attempts to discredit him.
3158	How Can You Qualify for Robinhood’s FDIC Insurance?
3159	How could the tax be put on the ballot?
3160	How did the ghouls that run Disney & WB let this happen?
3161	How did you pull through?
3162	How do I wash a weighted blanket?
3163	However, according to court filings, instead of remaining in Jackson, Laundrie took Petito’s van and drove back to his parents’ house in Florida.
3164	However, according to the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA), this is a common misconception.
3165	However, Alabama fans are used to Nick Saban’s philosophy so they are starting to panic (check the SDS replies) about the change.
3166	However, a major development takes place in the plot.
3167	However, as many of the reunion attendees noted, elementary school memories can offer a lot to smile about.
3168	However, as SpaceX points out, they are still waiting on regulatory approval from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).
3169	However, a summer power outage carries its own set of problems.
3170	However, a twist in the tale has left fans on edge.
3171	However, Calder shares some tips that can help manage your body's response - including swapping saturated fats with extra-virgin olive oil.
3172	However, Dash and his girlfriend, Raquel Horn, were found responsible for damaging Bunn’s property, but Bunn won no money regarding damages over the hard drive.
3173	However, despite improving numbers, this is still one of the AI stocks to avoid.
3174	However, despite the calls Biden and his team have remained firm in continuing with his reelection campaign.
3175	However, Dijkshoorn also continues to see the other side of the coin of Matis van Nieuwkerk and“I know how much passion he put into creating this show, and I think it was exceptional.
3176	However, don’t let jealousy raise its head.
3177	However Emily kept her pregnancy under wraps for the first few months, before going public with the news.
3178	However, Erik ten Hag's side demonstrated a resilience in actually going ahead in the game and surprised Jurgen Klopp's team with an intensity in the second half that's been all too inconsistent this season.
3179	However, even in non-pay and display car parks, it may be necessary to pick up a ticket to indicate the length of your stay.
3180	“However, following a run of persistent injuries, Alex has regrettably been forced to call time on a 17-year playing career that saw him make nearly 500 senior appearances for Huddersfield Town, Queens Park Rangers and Cardiff.
3181	However, following the Soviet Union’s first successful test of an intercontinental ballistic missile, the defense ministry lost interest in deep-penetrating strategic jet bombers and canceled the RS project.
3182	However, if you only experience mild discomfort as a result of flat feet, you may opt for a softer stability shoe that blends comfort and support.
3183	However, if you sleep hot you may want to look into memory foam mattresses with cooling materials and airflow-promoting constructions.
3184	However, I have people with me.
3185	However, I'm sure it wasn't supposed to taste kinda sour?
3186	However, in response to the viral claims, spokesperson of the Lagos State Police Command, SP Benjamin Hundeyin, took to X (formerly Twitter) on Monday to debunk the allegations.
3187	However, it is only on a few leaves, and I would not worry about it.
3188	However, its market success will depend not only on consumer interest but also on navigating the legal landscape and public perception challenges that such a confrontational device presents.
3189	However, it was only close for the first two periods.
3190	“However, it would be problematic if, in investigating allegations of sexual misconduct, the military police were to become, consciously or unconsciously, tainted by biases against victims or suspects.”
3191	However, just a day before he was set to continue his campaign, Robertson took to social media to explain his predicament to his fans.
3192	However, just an hour later, the party claimed that it was “defrozen” by the I-T department.
3193	However, Labour donor and green energy entrepreneur has written to the chair of the governments’ new Office for Value for Money (OVfM), David Goldstone, arguing that a nuclear plant already being built has seen spiralling costs.
3194	“However, manual grinders have the advantage of being more mobile, smaller and quieter.”
3195	However, most major VPN providers offer between 3,000 to 5,000 servers.
3196	However, Mr O Broin said “here is also mounting evidence of significant non-compliance” with the annual 2 per cent cap in RPZs.
3197	However, officials were unable to share any documentary evidence with Reuters of resorts and tourist facilities flouting building regulations, although they said some had done so.
3198	However, on Sunday, despite being an experienced skier, she came off the ski path and tumbled into a ravine.
3199	However, other areas had slightly different preparations in mind.
3200	However, post India’s win in the Vishakhapatnam, Dravid took a U-turn, saying the management is not “forcing him to do anything” and he never said that he would have to play domestic cricket to get back into the team.
3201	However, reality shows that any form of opposition, regardless of its ideological motives, faces ruthless repression.
3202	“However, recent flood patterns, including the catastrophic flooding in Borno State due to a failed dam, highlight the need for proactive measures.
3203	However, residents may also get a break from the dreadful weather as the PMD also said that there was a possibility of rain with thunderstorms today evening.
3204	However, Saints were clinical in their opportunities against a tiring Valkyrie after the break.
3205	However, section 196 of the old Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) requires the prior sanction of the government before starting the prosecution procedure.
3206	However, senior councillors say more cuts are needed.
3207	However, Stegall noted that being honest about the behaviors of family members is just as important so you know what genetic predispositions you may be facing.
3208	“However, that does not change our belief that there is no legal basis for these claims.”
3209	However, the aftermath of the crash means that there are still huge delays.
3210	However, the announcers later went on to say that the Ukrainian actually weighed 223lbs (15.9 stone).
3211	However, the attention given to the stone by medieval writers indicates that even in the medieval period the stone was closely allied with the idea of an independent Scottish kingdom of considerable longevity.
3212	However, the Authority respectfully disagrees with the decision and intends to exercise its right to appeal.
3213	However, the biggest misstep of the movie is that it makes these dynamics—which on paper seem exciting and full of inherent drama—feel quite bland.
3214	However, the BJD denied him a party ticket for the 2024 elections and instead fielded Odia movie actress Varsha Priyadarshini who was defeated by the BJP candidate.
3215	However, the bond between and the late great is far deeper than music itself.
3216	However, the court was not swayed by these arguments.
3217	However, the Day-Old chick division saw a 7% contraction due to drought conditions and VAT implications.
3218	However, the DOJ continues to argue that the iPhone maker sees super apps as “fundamentally disruptive” to “existing app distribution and development paradigms” and Apple’s monopoly power.
3219	However, the family home is now one person lighter following the decision to split.
3220	However, the flush toilet wouldn't really take off for another 250 years.
3221	However, the headline numbers hid some worrying developments reported elsewhere, such as a declining population, falling house prices and a drop in retail sales.
3222	However, the Israel Defense Forces say an estimated 3,00,000 people had followed the evacuation orders since the beginning of the week, in a statement that could not be independently verified.
3223	However, the latter’s approach to the situation leads to unforeseen challenges and consequences.
3224	However, the loan to Celtic was agreed in order to allow Valle to develop with the hope of regular game time in Glasgow.
3225	However, the moment that ring was on my finger, I became his personal maid.
3226	However, the mood was quickly lifted as the star followed with performances of Don’t Wanna Go Home and Swalla.
3227	However, the officer was repeatedly punched and both suspects escaped on foot.
3228	However, the origin of the burger patty may go back much further than this.
3229	However, the price of manganese received a big boost as stockpiles began to deplete in Q2 following Tropical Cyclone Megan significantly damaging,OTC Pink:SHTLF) Groote Eylandt Mining Company (GEMCO) manganese mine in Australia.
3230	However, there are drug-free ways you can improve high pressure yourself.
3231	However, there are some simple home remedies that research has found can help.
3232	However, this is the first time in some years that they’ve hosted their own gala ball.
3233	However, this meant she almost missed her chance to meet the man of the moment as she was worried Klopp had left the party before she was able to introduce herself.
3234	However, this momentum slowed down with just a seven percent increase in the following fiscal year 2023-24, as per the data from the Regional Transport Office (RTO).
3235	However, this time around, the Lion King Realm will be seen during the daytime.
3236	“However, through serendipitous encounters and inspiring moments, hope has been reignited within me.”
3237	However, times of stress and ill health can bring families closer together, and Prince Harry might find he wants to reach out to his father at a time like this."
3238	However, Tor can also be used to transfer files.
3239	"However, traffic travelling in lanes one and two was able to continue straight ahead and was directed by a green traffic light."
3240	However, two industries tend to suffer the most when “cheap money” (aka loans with low interest rates) dries up: tech and entertainment.
3241	However, what caught our attention was Aditya carrying Ananya's bag and scarf.
3242	However, what passed in the House met a grim fate in the Senate, stripped down to a shadow of its original promise.
3243	However, women occupy the top finance role in nearly a quarter of the UK’s blue-chip businesses.
3244	However, you can also enjoy playful activities with children and socialize with friends.
3245	However, Zach agreed with that season’s larger alliance to preserve Jenna and Jay as a “layup” to possibly go against near or in the final.
3246	How inclusive should be an inclusive community?
3247	"How many calories will I burn is the question everyone wants to know," van Houten said.
3248	How many doing their research stump up $45 per article?
3249	How many episodes are in Law & Order: Organized Crime Season 4?
3250	How many knock-backs before Meghan Markle’s was given the go-ahead?
3251	How many miles per gallon do you average?
3252	How many teams and schools get to do this once?
3253	How many times are we going to rehash the whole "fallen king seeks redemption" storyline?
3254	How many times have we found ourselves, more or less, in situations in which we felt our cheeks flush with heat and we realized that we were blushing?
3255	How much is a Jesse James motorcycle?
3256	How Much is the Cake Decorating Class and How Do I Sign up?
3257	How to Avoid Lifestyle Creep When Working and in Retirementaol.
3258	How was he going to deflesh the whale skull?
3259	How Will Doctors Work Fearlessly?
3260	How will I possibly explain it if he again defeats an incredibly qualified woman?
3261	Hoy discussed the importance of early symptom detection in a conversation with the earlier this year, revealing that his own signs were initially dismissed as trivial.
3262	Hsbc Holdings PLC now owns 119,859 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $16,915,000 after acquiring an additional 3,800 shares during the period.
3263	HTS also targeted IS operatives and foreign fighters in Idlib, dismantling their networks and forcing some to undergo “deradicalisation” programmes.
3264	Hua Hin's Springfield golf course, Thailand.
3265	Hubris, or indeed any expression of individuality, of the Kohen Gadol would be inappropriate in the Kodesh Kadashim as he represents the entire Jewish nation.
3266	Hudson Rock, a firm which specialises in cybersecurity, has said that the threat actor, operating under the pseudonym ‘Nam3L3ss’ claims to have published data allegedly stolen from a total of 25 major organisations.
3267	“Huggies and Coreas Distribution welcome opportunities like these to support the development of all Vincentians and we look forward to continuing our support of local communities,” the company said.
3268	Hugo Vickers said the lump sum could 'disappear pretty fast' across the pond.
3269	Human-AI collaboration will become a norm.
3270	Humanity's acquiescence to Ick is scarier than the dangers Ick presents.
3271	Humza said: "They say you shouldn't meet your heroes, you will only be disappointed.
3272	Hundreds of homes along the River Clyde will transform a historic derelict site if plans are approved.
3273	Hundreds of people died as security forces sought to quell the unrest, but the protests grew and Hasina finally fled Bangladesh aboard a helicopter on Monday as the military turned against her.
3274	Hundreds of plaster face casts of transgender, non binary and gender non-conforming people which will disintegrate over time.
3275	Hunter Biden goes on trial for federal gun charges.
3276	Hurn Railway Station, though closed, holds a place in the local history of Dorset and serves as a reminder of the bygone era of railways.
3277	Hussain said the change in the overall security situation in Jammu and Kashmir is being witnessed by the world and has paved the way for record-breaking tourist arrivals and ramped-up development.
3278	Hybrid vegan mattresses with reinforced coils tend to perform better in this area than all-foam models, giving you full use of your mattress, right to the edge.
3279	Hyundai’s use of digital tools like CCTV monitoring, drone footage, live streaming, and real-time data analysis was highlighted as a key factor in their progress.
3280	I actually can’t believe it.
3281	I actually think you’re doing a great job by accepting the past—you recognize that so much of American history was not inevitable.
3282	I already have my time off scheduled, and can't wait for some relaxation and summer fun.
3283	I also cannot wait to see staff members Bethan Ackerley and Alison Flood on a panel with our former editor Emily Wilson, debating “what is the greatest science fiction novel of all time?” on the always engaging Engage Stage.
3284	I also used this product in white to resurface my cabinets and it came out beautiful."
3285	I always do what is right and I always take the common sense approach."
3286	“I always enjoyed the rivalry to the hilt, and even now, when I sit in front of the television to watch a current match, I feel amped and animated as if I am still playing.”
3287	“I always suggest that friends stay at the Pousada Literária de Paraty, a cozy hotel within a cluster of historic mansions that surround a tropical garden — they return enchanted by both the hotel and its restaurant.”
3288	I am also an Academy voter, so I could go to other screenings as well.
3289	I am always a little nervous before festivals generally because it’s not necessarily people there who are coming to see just you,' she told of her Glastonbury set.
3290	“I am always in search of possibilities.
3291	I am always on the lookout for opportunities that may safely grow my retirement fund while producing alpha.
3292	“I am an obsessive skier and I want to shoot a scene on skis like in Live And Let Die,” he laughed.
3293	I am a UX designer with a PG diploma in Communication Management and M.A. Psychology from IGNOU.
3294	"I am conscious that there are other football associations involved in this and these discussions are ongoing.
3295	I am familiar with the concept of adding a pat of butter to a sizzling steak, I don't mind that at all but Cowboy Butter is so much more than a dollop of dairy goodness dripping all over your meat.
3296	“I am from Mexico so it really felt important to connect to that part of me.”
3297	"I am glad to the Professor and Tom Wisniewski for sharing this true story of ‘Rescuing Chopin’ with the world.
3298	“I am here to deliver a message from NASoW National President, Alhaji Mashood Mustapha.
3299	I am incredibly frustrated that the Scottish Government is enabling this saga through an exclusive contract which should have been terminated years ago.
3300	I am lost in love and I'm found too.
3301	"I am not against Donald Trump, but I think our bylaws are very clear on maintaining pre-primary neutrality."
3302	I am one of a few students in the cohort of Pacific descent.
3303	“I am proud of the work done by the CSFD Fire Marshals Office and appreciative of the support and collaboration we received from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives,” said Fire Chief Richard Mann.
3304	“I am really looking forward to playing all of the grass tournaments, especially Wimbledon.
3305	!i am SO happy i bought this product, i was very skeptical about the price but every penny is worth it!
3306	I am sure he would have liked a bit more of a look at him.
3307	I am sure she did something to deserve it.
3308	I am tired of just sending messages, I want to see the status quo changed for the better.
3309	“I am today appealing for anyone who was in the area of Wandsworth Road in the early hours of Sunday to come forward and speak with us.
3310	“I am very pleased we are able to celebrate a new learning environment for Northland students,” said Cal Johnson, Acting Superintendent of Schools/CEO.
3311	Ian Burtonwood, Sara’s husband, said: “Sara’s been very upset, not being able to get these injections would change her life completely.
3312	I arrived in Israel and said, “I will stay until he feels up to being photographed.”
3313	I been really proud of how I have gone about things … and to compete against the likes of Gretchen Walsh …
3314	I believe and support the idea of assisting homeless people but I also believe it needs to be done properly, with community input, a strategic plan, a cost analysis and within the capacity that our city can afford.
3315	"I believe everything happens for a reason, and this diagnosis has given me a new perspective on what really matters: my health," Griffiths added.
3316	'I believe that if the police had properly investigated this case, instead of persecuting me, they may well have found the person responsible for William's disappearance,' she told the podcast Witness: William Tyrrell.
3317	“I believe that the future will be bright,” said Ronaldo.
3318	“I believe we know the answer to that.
3319	“I believe we’ll see a stronger emphasis on protecting and ensuring that faith communities are empowered to thrive,” Rodriguez said.
3320	"I came back with my defence, and I was like, this $100,000 he's complaining about was the same day he got engaged to his then-girlfriend, now wife.
3321	“I can beat that.
3322	I can confirm that a PID was sought prior to his release in Kelowna, however, the threshold was not met in this case based on the totality of the circumstances,” the RCMP wrote.
3323	“I can move around everywhere.
3324	I can’t find him.
3325	“"I can unleash my army of drones, robots, and cyborgs to hunt you down and capture you," the AI told one X user.
3326	I challenged them to be the best they could be, and they have risen to that challenge repeatedly.
3327	“I continued to walk along the path”, Mr Bennett explained.
3328	"I contrast that with Labour who are, let's be honest, an urban party," he said.
3329	I couldn't believe it when it was going up the business book charts.
3330	I couldn’t get away from him.
3331	“I couldn’t have achieved what I achieved without all the support crew, my wife who is my biggest supporter and all the people who have continued to donate to my page - even now.
3332	"I decided I would go back for infusions and I've got to pay for them and I've got to pay for someone to get me there every time so it's like £200.
3333	I did enjoy their music.
3334	I did hundreds of gigs in little rooms above pubs, and cafés turned into comedy venues, learning the craft.”
3335	I didn’t even text,” she said.
3336	I didn’t have the pace and I was struggling but we delivered some great team work and without that it would have been much more difficult.
3337	“I didn’t need the money from this project to also benefit me, partly because I’m very lucky to have a great career.
3338	I didn't read any of it."
3339	‘I didn’t think about it,’ she shrugs of her decision to leave.
3340	Idle No More was a widespread Indigenous-led protest movement triggered in part by the Jobs and Growth Act, a sweeping and controversial omnibus bill introduced in 2012 by Stephen Harper’s majority government.
3341	“I'd like this rectified sooner than later so that this doesn't happen to anyone else."
3342	I’d never want to put a limit on what I can do though and it’s just about taking it year by year.
3343	"I do believe people go through challenges in marriages and people change and I think it's interesting to see those things happen and see what brought you together in the first place."
3344	I do concede the points that L&L was old, inefficient, inaccessible and leaky.
3345	I do look forward to seeing whatever both these amazing bands do in the future.”
3346	I do not expect America to alter its course by my speaking this way.
3347	I don’t care what they’re saying, I just love what they’re saying together.”
3348	I don’t expect you to understand – even though I do (I repeat) understand your negativity.
3349	“I don’t feel safe on the street, in daylight,” he said.
3350	‘I don’t have to dim my light for anyone’: starring in The Color Purple.
3351	“I don’t have to pay any rent, because we have it,” he said.
3352	'I don't know how it has become this real so fast.
3353	"I don't know if she feels insecure or maybe the pregnancy is stressing her but she just won't drop it.
3354	I don't know what Sigourney Weaver could bring to GB these days, unless they bring back Oscar to join the crew.
3355	'I don't need it.
3356	“I don’t really want to say that any oil is bad because people cook in so many different ways,” she says.
3357	I don’t think it leads to discourse, and it’s the right way to go about things.
3358	I don’t think it’s one moment.
3359	“I don’t think that’s good enough.”
3360	I don't want working-class folks to get nickel-and-dimed to death; but if there is noticeable improvement to the roads, I'll accept it.
3361	“I do wonder if I am in a dream or if I have banged my head,” he exclaimed, with a dramatic thump at his desk.
3362	I'd say a big nope to ever being her friend.
3363	“I’d suggest always referring to the care instructions on the labels of your sports bras for specific cleaning and maintenance guidelines.
3364	I emailed them to ask for some more details," the reporter noted.
3365	I especially look forward to the rest of the Rams season.
3366	I expected to go back to normal but I found it hard to even walk upstairs and kept needing to lie down.
3367	I expect to see the same pattern here.
3368	If a final between Djokovic and Alcaraz is written in the stars, the Serb will get the opportunity to strike the first blow, with his first-round match against Dino Prizmic scheduled for 8am (GMT) on Sunday morning.
3369	"If any of your children have missed any of their MMR vaccines, contact your GP surgery to book an appointment."
3370	If anything, Harris’ own track record is even more aggressive, particularly as a prosecutor and as an attorney general.
3371	If approached by a transit officer in the bus bay, riders were allowed to leave and enter in the main entrance and were not ticketed.
3372	If Canva chose to list on the ASX, it would immediately take the title of Australia’s largest technology company and fill the hearts of Australian investors with pride, and in doing so, would no doubt inspire others to follow.
3373	If Durbin's interview could be distilled into a song, it would be 1974's Nothing From Nothing by Billy Preston.
3374	I fear they will prove too strong for the Dons at the national stadium.
3375	I feel as if I am trapping her myself as I glance down at my last few questions and attempt a stalling tactic.
3376	I feel like that’s where I’m at.
3377	“… I feel like we were doing a pretty damn good job for the whole game.
3378	I fell off the fashion train quite a few years ago.
3379	I felt like someone had ripped my stomach out and I broke down.
3380	If England have a problem (and virtually every side has ) then it is the same as when the Golden Generation were in residence.
3381	If even Mike Davis says that this is crazy, I’m going to align myself with Future Someday Justice Davis (kidding) and say that that would be “crazy.”
3382	If gold continues its climb higher and silver subsequently follows, investors don’t need separate capital allocated to both metals.
3383	If he can replicate his performance from the past three weeks, Colorado Springs may be in line for another home win.
3384	If he caught it on the first attempt, his feet likely would have been in bounds.
3385	If I do something I throw myself completely into it and would do it to my absolute best.
3386	If I ever went out by myself, the mums would ask when my due date was.
3387	"I fight with myself and how stupid I must have been to let him hurt me for so long," said Jane Doe.
3388	“If I had money, I’d put a reward out but it’d have to be big enough to get people to talk and I can’t do that.”
3389	"If it is Marco Rubio, what is their overall strategy to then reach out to Latino voters?"
3390	If it sees a weak response, it will be emboldened to invade Taiwan.
3391	If it was last year when you were 8-4, you’d probably be getting an interview right now.’
3392	If I was crying in my room my mother could hear me from the living room.
3393	"If Jack plays, then no qualms with that.
3394	If mental health issues and stress are such a rampant problem at that school, then the staff needs to look at how they are currently handling such issues and ramp up support for the students going through such issues!
3395	If my 35 years working in Pennsylvania’s water and wastewater industry have taught me anything, it’s this: safe, reliable drinking water only happens with regular, well-funded maintenance.
3396	"If (Navalnaya) does this in Russia, she will have a high chance of ending up where her late husband ended up," Alexei Levinson, head of sociocultural research at Russian pollster Levada Center, told Reuters.
3397	If new housing gets the essentials right, it doesn’t matter much what the style is.
3398	I focus on French wines, Burgundies, because if you buy something you like and will drink, you’ll never fail.
3399	Ifoh said that LP has also exempted female aspirants from paying for expression of interest form only.
3400	If passed and signed by the governor, the measure would take effect next year.
3401	If people from outside of eastern Maine don’t have any idea what happened in Orrington, you can just tell them you’re dressed as the current state of politics in this country.
3402	If players are unhappy with playing time then that’s a conversation we will have.
3403	If she does well at this competition, there could be an opportunity for the young athlete to secure a spot at the World Special Olympics in Italy next year.
3404	“If someone had ear surgery in the past, for example, they might have a completely different decompression experience than someone sitting next to them.”
3405	If someone tells you they are thinking of killing themselves, believe them–that’s a sign.
3406	If successful, this mission would also involve the first landing of a private spacecraft on the Moon.
3407	If symptoms last over two weeks, you may have a secondary infection and please do see your doctor.
3408	If that didn’t work, they could file another challenge with the Bridgeport Board of Assessment Appeals.
3409	… If that is what they are coming to do in the underprivileged neighborhoods, along with opening fire on us, killing the people or massacring them — we Haitians will fight them until we shed our last drops of blood.”
3410	If that set-up sounds familiar, you’re probably thinking of Chekhov’s 1884 classic “The Seagull,” which covered similar ground, and upon which this play is “kinda based,” as per the program credits.
3411	If that’s the case, then by using some upholstery fabric, a staple gun, a tack lifter (to take off the existing cover) and sewing scissors – as well as an eye for neat cornering – you can upgrade them in an afternoon.
3412	If the answer is Trump, all that wonderful new information may be in vain.
3413	If the ban goes ahead, it would be the first time the EU has used sweeping new powers to impose sanctions on social media companies since its landmark Digital Service Act (DSA) came into force last August.
3414	If there is a listing event and the RWA tokenization is approved, RXS could go above its advance price of $0.175.
3415	“If there is any possibility that this stunning art deco cinema can be kept alive in some shape or form we. as founder members, would stand firmly behind such plans.
3416	If there's a weak link to the episode, it's (I can't believe I'm saying this) Garak.
3417	“If there was a failure, we have to understand what has occurred here and how we make sure it doesn’t happen again.
3418	“If they don’t want me anymore, I’ll go somewhere else and do what I’ve done my whole managerial career, winning matches and trophies.”
3419	“If they get a permit, it will probably be tied up in court for a year or so but then should have time to get some data to prove out this type of mining going forward,” Corbett said in an interview.
3420	If they keep the pay per kWh at $2 or more like Tesla has done in Southern Califorina and Texas then everyone will want to be in the VPP.
3421	"If they understand the country of origin, I think they'll be able to make the decision if they want to pay a higher price."
3422	If those benefits are “carved out” from your plan, you may have to seek answers about provider directory errors from that subcontractor.
3423	If traffic at the brand’s stores in the lead-up to the holidays is predictable, de Taillac was more impressed by the regular lengthy queues outside Buly’s outpost in Paris’ Rue Bonaparte.
3424	If Trump is going to lose anywhere, it’s there (where he lost to Biden in 2020).
3425	“I fully went for it, but it’s not something you will ever see me wearing in public again.
3426	“If we build on such solidarity then this war will be a game-changer.”
3427	“If we can get in and do something to make sure the water is flowing as fast as possible, we’ll look at that.
3428	“If we don’t show up tomorrow it is entirely possible that we will not have the opportunity to ever cast a ballot again.”
3429	“If we’re going to deal with it, we need to name it for what it is, and we need to challenge it.
3430	“If we’re going to have rules that apply to people like me, then there should be rules that apply to the people with the money.”
3431	If yes, why on earth would voters go along with this charade?
3432	If youâ€™re looking for a cat, please be aware these 10 gorgeous cat breeds may require more attention than most.
3433	If you can’t do EngLit in the city of Chaucer and Marlowe, where can you do it?
3434	“If you do decide to get a GSP be prepared to do lots of training, provide a heap of exercise and have a plan to fulfill their drives!”
3435	If you do it first thing in the morning, it clears your mind and gets you ready for the day.”
3436	“If you do not, it will add time and cost.
3437	"If you do not want to speak to the police then information can also be passed on anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111."
3438	If you don't have a cable or satellite TV subscription, you can watch Monday Night Football with a live TV streaming service.
3439	If you don’t have enough feta water to brine a whole chicken, that’s fine ― you can dilute it with more regular water for a weaker concentration.
3440	If you don't like a player and boo a player, why should a team come out to issue a clarification," Ashwin said in his YouTube Channel while answering a question from one of the viewers.
3441	If you experience pain or drainage following swimming, a trip to your doctor is advised.
3442	If you find it challenging to eat a balanced diet with whole foods, or if you need an extra boost of all the essential vitamins and nutrients, supplements may be a good strategy for you.
3443	“If you have any concerns, please speak to an officer.”
3444	If you have any information about this situation or you recognize the suspect, authorities urge you to call the League City Police Department.
3445	If you have any information, CCTV, dash cam or other footage concerning the dog attack incident, then please get in contact with Essex Police and quote incident 723 of 3 February.
3446	If you have not checked out Frieren yet, no worries!
3447	If you haven’t had Thai-style ice cream before, you’re in for a sweet treat.
3448	If you have pets and kids snuggling up with your blankets or dragging them onto the floor, you’ll want to wash them more often.
3449	“If you look at these quarterly figures, if you look at the way inflation is coming off in welcome and encouraging ways, we need to respond to that,” said Chalmers.
3450	If you look back – and I’ve been a lifelong resident – people stayed away from our downtown areas.
3451	If you missed last week's edition, you'll want to read it because it tees up an entire year's worth of reportage I'll be doing.
3452	If you prefer the longer versions, you're in luck, because Fathon Events is releasing the extended cuts in theaters in June.
3453	If you really enjoy the outdoors and filming your adventures, then there’s really nothing like a to capture some incredible footage, and while action cameras are great, you can’t deny the effect of aerial photography.
3454	If you’re eligible to claim it, your weekly income will be topped up to £218.15 a week, or to £332.95 if you’re in a couple.
3455	“If you’re just looking for messaging for the upcoming election, here it is: ‘if you vote for this bill, you are a capitalist, and if you vote against this bill, you are a socialist.'
3456	If you’re looking specifically for a brand new watch from an authorised dealer, there are many in the Midlands – but you won’t find one in the jewellery quarter.
3457	If you're not lucky enough to have a ticket for the game at St James' Park this evening, then fear not.
3458	“If you’re open to it, there’s a lesson to be learned out of every experience,” Retzler said.
3459	If you’re tempted for a midnight swim, you might want to keep it to your villa rather than the beach.
3460	If you see bullying, immediately say, “We don’t do that here.”
3461	If you support it, how would you finance it?
3462	If you've gone through a reading slump, what book got you out of it?
3463	If you want a high-end gaming laptop that won't break the bank but alsodon't want to go the budget route, the Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 is a mid-point option that we think is a great value for the money.
3464	If you want a premium mouse with precise weight, elegant ergonomics, adjustable scroll wheels, and a generous helping of remappable buttons, look to products like the Logitech G502 Hero series or Razer Basilisk V3 Pro.
3465	If you want sweet, the Hollywood establishment will be pleased to serve you at the cineplex, believe me, but if you want something that feels real, come here.
3466	If you want to learn more about how your car manufacturer might be snooping on you, the NYT recommends using the Vehicle Privacy Report tool to learn more about the data your car model is capable of collecting.
3467	If you were complaining about temperatures in the 40s before that last cold snap you're going to feel weird telling everyone how nice this next weekend's weather is.
3468	If you work for a living, the president of the United States thinks you’re garbage.
3469	I get it, dude.
3470	“I get that you understand that people are hurting right now, why is it that nothing you’re doing to address their concerns is working?” he asked.
3471	I get to do what I want, when I want.
3472	'I get to escape and go somewhere,' the Flamin' Hot director explained.
3473	I get up at 5:30 because I really want to squeeze in as much as possible.
3474	I go, ‘Get her in here, like whatever you want to talk about.’
3475	"I got emotional on the live because I was talking about my experience that the more famous I get, the more people approach me.
3476	I guess he's just not my type.
3477	I had a chance to interview Chad Jenson, president of TCC and Wireless Zone since 2019, and he shed light on their incredible success, how they do it and how any company can have similar results.
3478	“I had always accompanied Shanti whenever she went to breastfeed the boy.
3479	I had an 8-inch incision that has totally healed, with the exception of one small area about the size of the lead of a pencil.
3480	I had come to terms with knowing that wasn’t a good relationship but you are my sister so there is no cut-off.”
3481	I had full confidence that you would all come out to vote,” the A.I.-generated voice said.
3482	"I had no idea it would spark such a modern-day trend, and I feel honored to be part of spreading such a beautiful and meaningful hairstyle," says Theodore.
3483	“I had nothing to lose,” she said.
3484	I had such excellent team members who helped us communicate with our constituents – Stephen, Jason, and Ian who led the way.
3485	I had to turn it off, and in doing so, I felt a wave of dread wash over me.
3486	I have a feeling her supply of 100 books will need to be upgraded to 1000 copies."
3487	I have a friend who lives in what I would describe as a commune.
3488	I have always felt like I had to translate who I was and explain my culture to everyone…that can feel a little bit lonely.
3489	I have always said, and I continue to say, there were issues in 2020.
3490	I have defended Protestants, Catholics, and even Mormons in my career and will continue to do so when necessary for as long as I have a platform.
3491	“I have had many loyal constituents that I have served throughout my political career, and I will seek to repay them and all my constituents in the next Dáil.
3492	I have never seen worker productivity increasing be a good thing for anything but the C-levels.
3493	I have no idea why we (Americans) don’t love it,” he said in a telephone interview.
3494	I haven’t checked too far ahead.
3495	I haven’t picked a side on this issue and likely won’t.
3496	I have only concluded that once a dog person, always a dog person.
3497	“I have spent the last six years following, diving with, and telling stories with a group of Black scuba divers who search for slave shipwrecks,” Roberts said…
3498	I have spoken to the investigating team that this case be given priority.”
3499	I have to keep hit-or-miss showers and thunderstorms in the forecast throughout the daytime hours today.
3500	“I heard a woman saw the hand and raised and alarm,” said Reid's mother.
3501	I hope that the perpetrators will be found by the police.”
3502	I invested in a friend’s business but lost my savings when it took a nosedive.
3503	IIPR owns and leases property to licensed cannabis companies for industrial purposes.
3504	I just can't eat half a cow at one time.
3505	I just don’t know what to think in this industry at the moment.
3506	I just focus on the day-to-day work here.
3507	“I just pray no one gets hurt.
3508	I just say, I want to make sure everything I write sees the light of day.
3509	I just want to cut my losses and move on at this point.’
3510	"I just want to see him now."
3511	I just want to thank God for putting me in this position just to be able to make that play.
3512	I just want to vent because I am frustrated with my man.
3513	I kept pouring water gently on his head so that he would continue to lick it off and show signs of life.
3514	I kept repeating that to myself,” she says, and starts to cry.
3515	I knew it would work some day.
3516	“I knew that my baby was gone” – mother of 3-month-old.
3517	I knew that writing Held would be a long process of distillation – to say as little as possible in the wild attempt to say everything that matters.
3518	I know a couple spots where they sit way in the back of a parking lot, really doing a good taxpayer-paying job.
3519	I know how devastating can be for kids and that those from broken are far more likely to experience mental health issues.
3520	“I know Mickey’s character.
3521	‘I know some people didn’t understand it at the time but I was right to make the move then and it’s the feeling I have again now.
3522	“I know that if I do anything less than my best, then I’m not going to be able to win races, I’m not even going to be able to be on the podium.”
3523	I know that sounds weird.
3524	I like looking at films as much as working on them, maybe more.
3525	“I like the Luxury Firm model because it sits around a medium, which is perfect for when I switch between my stomach and side.”
3526	I like this concept, and it sounds like the rumors of MLB The Show including some aspect of College Baseball could be true.
3527	I listen better.
3528	I’ll admit, a seven-hour long party felt like a lot – was I going to be able to keep up with Ibiza’s veterans?
3529	"I'll be surprised, but at the moment I'm saying no,” he said.
3530	I’ll go with the Bengals to cover, but the Browns to squeak out a win.
3531	I’ll never forget his toughness.
3532	I'll say things like, 'Oh, I'm a block away; I can see you!' and 'I'll be home soon.
3533	I looked at my parents, my grandma and the pals who had swung by for a little Christmas cheer.
3534	I looked at the comments, Ray.
3535	I look forward to seeing this project advance over the next number of years.
3536	"I look forward to watching mum and dad enjoy the retired life like they deserve," Felicia said.
3537	I look forward to working with everyone at the firm to continue to execute on our strategic vision.”
3538	I love it here and Leigh have done a lot for me in my career.
3539	I love records,” said Nigel.
3540	I love the Earth color, I will be getting more stuff in this shade!
3541	“I love this tactic because you can cast a wider net and bid on more general search terms and get it for a lower CPC.”
3542	Iltalehti follows the events of Saturday in this story.
3543	I’m a big Pochettino fan as well, to be honest, and I think what he has done with the group he’s got there is building towards something, although they’re far from the finished article.
3544	I made some garlic water, spray once a day.
3545	I’m a gay man in my 20s with a big, very loud family who unabashedly talks about sex.
3546	Image is not from the incident.
3547	Images shared by Colombia's Civil Aviation Authority showed a dense white smoke cloud engulfing the control tower at El Dorado, where airport officials said 48 flights were cancelled Thursday, 16 deviated to other airports and many others delayed.
3548	I’m a meteorologist for ClimaData Corporation.
3549	“I'm a single guy with no children— when I'm gone, I'm gone.
3550	“I’m continually digging into that and figuring out what it means and how it shows up and it changes over time.”
3551	“I’m convinced that’s possible, yes,” said Clement, who will be without Brazilian striker Danilo and Romania international Ianis Hagi as they are not in this European squad.
3552	“I mean, it’s football,” Daniels said.
3553	I mean, the only reason the Not Invisible commission happened was because Deb Haaland, our interior secretary, when she was a Democratic representative in New Mexico, this was her big issue, missing and murdered Indigenous women.
3554	I mean, we're gonna need him.
3555	I'm excited to see what's ahead and remain happy that the actor is back to doing what he does best.
3556	"I'm going to be going up and down dressed as Deadpool," said Mr Spave, who has a hand-made 'slow down please' sign.
3557	“I’m going to defend the San Francisco 49ers,” he told TMZ.
3558	I'm going to do something about it.
3559	“I'm going to say this: when you see your first ever IMAX 70mm film, you'll feel a bit confused; you won't appreciate it.
3560	I’m happy to come away with ninth place as I was ranked 24th on personal bests going into the event.”
3561	“I’m in my 70s, so it’s very rare that you lose your mother in your 70s, so she was a big part of our lives and trying to obtain closure on this has been very difficult.”
3562	I miss the hills and the openness, the sense of space and the fresh air.
3563	“I’m just excited that other people are going to be able to enjoy it,” Lisieski said.
3564	I’m like, “You want a gangster for president?”
3565	Immediately, a search operation was conducted but in vain.
3566	"Immediately following the incident, officers arrested a 22-year-old male on suspicion of attempted murder and he remains in police custody.
3567	Immigration and border security are top issues in Arizona, the only battleground state that borders Mexico and one that contended with a record influx of asylum seekers last year.
3568	Immigration and inflation top the list of Latino voter concerns in Nevada, according to the USA Today/Suffolk poll, which found 37% said inflation was their top concern and 17% said immigration.
3569	I'm not going to talk about the way I voted in my life.
3570	I’m not sure the public would stand for it.”
3571	I’m not trolling either I’m genuinely curious as to what you mean?
3572	Importantly, the Act safeguards candidates appearing for examinations, ensuring they are subject only to the existing unfair means policies of the examination authorities.
3573	Impossibly gooey grilled cheese sandwiches, made famous by the brand’s food trucks, are now available at a permanent location on Chimes Street.
3574	"I'm pretty happy with it because I've gone a long way with my skills," Borradaile said of pugilism, adding: "I've had a lot of fights this year."
3575	I'm sure it's all fine.
3576	I’m sure the Legislature could clear a lot of the red tape.
3577	I’m sure they’ll look carefully at President Trump’s nominees and make sure that they believe that they’re qualified.”
3578	I'm totally wrong.
3579	I’m trying to think of a greater word than AMAZING to describe today’s service!
3580	I’m upset Leyla was left out.
3581	I must have been.
3582	"I'm very happy that it has all worked out this way, that we were able to put our shoulder to the wheel for this fantastic and worthwhile project," said charity co-founder Eve Piilmann.
3583	“I’m very interested now in directing because I’ve essentially gotten to watch some of the greatest directors of music videos and movies over the last 20 years,” he said.
3584	“I’m worried there’s a view that councillors are some way down the line on who needs to know.
3585	I’m writing my own story, and tonight I’ve chosen a TV theme song that reminds me of the beauty that’s still to come.
3586	In 10 years, the couple has conquered the Indian luxury market.
3587	In 15 years, the five-year survival rate for advanced melanoma had gone from 5% to 55%.
3588	In 1901, a year before DenverтАЩs first car show, William B. Felker and Charles Yont drove a Locomobile Steamer to the summit of Pikes Peak.
3589	In 1958 for example, the largest tsunami on record struck Lituya Bay in Alaska.
3590	In 1959, it passed one resolution in an entire year.
3591	In 1960, Lucille Ball filed for divorce from her husband, Desi Arnaz, a day after they had finished filming the last episode of “The Lucille Ball-Desi Arnaz Show.”
3592	In 1980, the president of the A.F.L.-C.I.O., Lane Kirkland, declared that a Palestinian state would be “a terrorist state” and “an unmixed disaster to the United States” before hundreds of labor lawyers and union officials.
3593	In 1993, he shared the story in the liner notes for Jump Back: The Best of The Rolling Stones: “When I returned to the fold after closing down the laboratory, I came back into the studio with Mick … to say, ‘Thanks, man, for shouldering the burden.’
3594	In 1995 Dave sold his Bay Area business to move with Becky to Great Basin National Park, Nevada, where she became Park Superintendent.
3595	In 19th century New Orleans, Louisiana, a man named Jacques St. Germain emerged as a prominent figure in the city, claiming to be a descendant of St. Germain.
3596	In 2002, he received his first film role as Money Mike in Friday After Next, earning him great exposure and a global fan base.
3597	In 2005, Republican Senator Rick Santorum introduced a bill aimed at forcing the NWS and NOAA to stop providing free weather reports.
3598	In 2010, the franchise was rebooted in a movie starring and Chan, which was also a success.
3599	In 2013, the attraction underwent a significant upgrade, revamped with ultra-high-definition 4K 3D visuals, synchronized ride motion, and over 100 types of special effects.
3600	In 2013, Victor won the UEFA Europa League with the Blues.
3601	In 2014, the franchise was only just beginning with the release of which brought in a solid $525 million.
3602	In 2015 she did her first tour in the US and in 2021 she moved to Amsterdam.
3603	In 2016, Vance expressed skepticism about Trump's ability to handle delicate international situations, stating that he did not believe Trump had the "depth and complexity" required for the role of commander-in-chief.
3604	In 2017, the government of Argentina rejected the use of Miru’s voting machines in elections, citing concerns from local security researchers that these equipment can be easily controlled to rig vote counts.
3605	In 2019, Soren, with the backing of his allies Congress and RJD, reclaimed the Chief Minister’s office.
3606	In 2019, they did not get a night game, so they decided to use a drone and filmed the show on the field in the dark and then posted the video online.
3607	In 2020 the Oak Grove Police Department dealt with numerous property crimes including 169 larcenies, 38 burglaries and 28 stolen vehicles.
3608	In 2020, the Raiders moved to Las Vegas, shortly after the Golden State Warriors basketball team’s move from Oakland to San Francisco.
3609	In 2021, Ms Reeves said a Labour government would deliver an additional £28 billion of capital investment every year to support the transition to net zero.
3610	In 2021, she showcased a dragon tattoo on her hip and revealed three tattoos in total, including "Eilish" on her chest, fairies on her hand, and a dragon on her side.
3611	In 2021, the global vegan food market was worth $35.6 billion and was projected to rise from $40.1 billion in 2022 to $91.9 billion by 2027.
3612	In 2022, 36.7 percent of all denied mortgage applications in the United States were due to high debt-to-income ratios according to Zhu.
3613	In 2022, Bishop Martyn entered the House of Lords where he carries a particular brief for issues related to poverty - he is also the lead Bishop for Living in Love and Faith.
3614	In 2022, the restaurant was also recognised by Tripadvisor, making the top 10 of its Hidden Gems in the UK list.
3615	In 2022, the unit helped dismantle seven illegal migration networks.
3616	In 2023, Billie Eilish made headlines for her daring outfit choices that defied traditional fashion standards.
3617	In 2023, MITI, together with the Malaysian Investment Development Board (MIDA), conducted 12 TIMs, including eight official visits led by the Prime Minister to countries such as Japan, the United States, Italy and Singapore.
3618	In 2023, she set herself and her West Sussex family the challenge of buying solely second-hand garments - a decision her husband Jared, 38, and their children Clayton, eight, Rosemary, six, and Isla, three, have wholeheartedly supported.
3619	In 2023, the anime adaptation began from Studio C2C, following a young gamer who has polished his skills by playing nothing but the worst of the worst games.
3620	In 2023, the Family Support Unit recorded 10,063 cases as compared to 11,613 cases in 2022.
3621	In 2024 the Dream are averaging six made 3-pointers at home and 5.9 away, while shooting 29.2% from distance at home compared to 33.5% away.
3622	In a back-and-forth match throughout the afternoon, the Broncs lost the final two bouts of the match, which proved to be the difference maker, as they fell to the Dragons 20-16.
3623	In Achampet assembly constituency of Nagarkurnool district, there are certain Particularly Vulnerable Tribal Group (PVTG) –‘Chenchu’ families living in deep forest in small groups, Nagarkurnool Collector and District Electoral officer P Udaykumar said.
3624	In a court filing last year, Walia alleged without providing details that, “A new employee who prepared the dish made an error and added additional peppers, rather than reducing them as requested.”
3625	In addition, he is always eager to play in the school band concerts that he isn’t directly involved with.
3626	“In addition, this will augment the design capabilities of the domestic defence Industry due to the involvement of academia and research institutions,” it said.
3627	In addition to all of the stretch goals, the team has revealed that they will be able to make several much-requested oversized expansions a reality.
3628	In addition to being ranked top safest city overall, Honolulu was also named the world’s safest city for women, LGBTQ+ and BIPOC travelers.
3629	In addition to continuing previously announced comprehensive review of bilateral cooperation, "the United States is now preparing to use the tools at our disposal, including additional sanctions.”
3630	In addition to Douglas, the creative team includes Emmy and WGA Award-winning writer and executive producer Kirk Ellis (“John Adams”) and Emmy, WGA and Pulitzer Prize Award-nominated writer and executive producer Howard Korder (“Boardwalk Empire”).
3631	In addition to elevated mortgage rates, housing affordability is also being hampered by rising home prices and a persistent lack of homes on the market.
3632	In addition to his parents Hans is preceded in death by a brother, Clyde Manges; two sister Bertha Royer and Nell Grobis; and two brothers-in-law, Donald Royer and Kenneth Grobis.
3633	In addition to legislative matters, the plenary is expected to debate the extension of Turkish military deployments in Lebanon for another year.
3634	In addition to the jail sentence, the judge also ordered the drugs to be destroyed.
3635	In addition to these projects, the government was also looking to improve the region’s access to reliable and sustainable electricity.
3636	“In addition to this, contributions are also secured for the improvement to Dunball roundabout.
3637	In addition to this unique honour, Shah Rukh Khan is set to receive the prestigious Pardo alla Carriera at the 77th edition of the Locarno Film Festival.
3638	In a good way, really powerful stuff!
3639	In a joint statement, the Legal Aid Society and the Coalition for the Homeless criticized the encampment sweep, saying it would disrupt migrants’ search for employment and stable housing and that the shelter system had not offered them enough help.
3640	“In a lot of lower-income communities, there’s been a lack of investment in tree care by the city,” says Christine Carmichael, a forestry consultant.
3641	In an effort to improve her mobility, Railton, who is a part-time body language consultant and executive coach, would try to walk short distances each day.
3642	In an election in Pennsylvania that will almost certainly be decided by less than 100,000 votes, Harris skipping the Al Smith Dinner was not only stupid but might be the mistake that cost her the White House.
3643	In an email, a spokesperson from U.S. Steel told Grist that the company’s lawsuit was meant to ensure that the EPA’s new regulations are “in line with sound science and regulatory procedures.”
3644	IN AN emergency medical situation, most people panic or dial 999, but can’t do much to help a person in trouble on the spot.
3645	In an ensuing fright, Callum and his friend were both stabbed.
3646	In an Instagram video titled "first plan and play victim", he alleged the YouTuber had threatened to "burn" him and his parents alive.
3647	In an interview earlier on Fox on Tuesday, she called Navalny “a hero who challenged Putin, lost his life because of it.”
3648	In an interview withElshayyal called AJ360 “the fastest growing” streamer in the Arab World, even though, he added, “it’s early days.”
3649	In another recent incident, it was reported that an unfounded text message was passed around among students accusing a fellow student of bringing a gun to school.
3650	In another video he says he wants job applicants to be "confused" about how they will be paid, and wants them to be "on the back foot" in the job interview as he uses reverse psychology to persuade them to take a commission-only role.
3651	In an unrelated incident, Police in Indianola said they arrested two suspects after an investigation into a report of attempted sexual abuse of a minor.
3652	In any case, it behooves all those who love Zamboanga City to go back to the well-grounded recommendations in that said Final Report and in turn assess what has been done accordingly, and what is still to be done.
3653	In April, the Los Angeles City Council voted 13-0 to approve a temporary moratorium on dog breeding permits in the city to address the population crisis.
3654	In a recent interview, Keerthy shared that director Nag Ashwin first approached her with a human role.
3655	In a revealing talk with Ariel Helwani, Alalshikh mentioned: "The result of Tyson vs. Usyk, a lot of people are waiting for them.
3656	In a separate statement, the lawyers said their petition was aimed at bringing to the attention of the high court what it called a “monumental omission, a deplorable and egregious neglect of Congress to perform an express duty.”
3657	In a society plagued by TikTok, Instagram Reels and Facebook videos, why must you force every single person around you to listen to the video only you find funny?
3658	“In a society that views mothers as the primary parent, doesn’t offer parents enough structural support, and doesn’t believe that raising the next generation should be a community endeavour – what choice do mothers have?”
3659	In a sport rife with cynicism, Ted Lasso feels like an anomaly.
3660	In a statement on Friday, Moody’s Ratings affirmed the country’s “Baa2” credit rating with a “stable” outlook, meaning changes in the rating are unlikely in the next 18 to 24 months.
3661	In a statement, the NHRC said it has taken suo motu cognisance of a media report that at least 10 newborns died in the fire that broke out in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) of the Maharani Laxmibai Medical College on Friday night.
3662	In a statement tonight His Majesty said he is 'so proud of Catherine for her courage in speaking as she did' and remains in the 'closest contact with his beloved daughter-in-law.'
3663	In a twist of history, the crowd chanted “Lock him up!”
3664	In a typical organization, finance is one of the most important functions.
3665	In August, the science-and-health-focused website Stat News published a detailed analysis of Trump’s speech patterns in recent months, comparing them with public speeches in 2017.
3666	In a video from the event, Diljit spoke about his signature line, "Punjabi Aa Gaye Oye," and expressed pride in having used it during his performance at Coachella in the US.
3667	In a Violent Nature was interesting.
3668	In a world where deception is currency, the pair’s connection offers a fragile thread of truth.
3669	In both constituencies, 75 per cent say that loss of nature and destruction of the environment should be a top priority for the country, according to the organisation's analysis.
3670	In California, it is transmitted to the Bureau of Automotive Repair (BAR).
3671	In California’s contested U.S. Senate race, Republican Steve Garvey is likely to move on to the general election against Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff.
3672	In case the lawsuit goes well, investors should be able to capture solid returns in the form of price appreciation.
3673	In case you weren't aware for some reason, we're currently giving you a shot at $30,000 just for listening and entering the codes we give you on the air throughout the day.
3674	Incessant rains in the past 48 hours have inundated low-lying areas, disrupting normal life and traffic movement, they added.
3675	Incidentally, Solvay reported a stronger-than-expected core profit for its second quarter, as higher volumes offset pressure from negative net pricing.
3676	Incidents we have witnessed in Fife the last couple of years, are not isolated occurrences.
3677	In cinemas on 12th Jan."
3678	Included in this is one food item you can add to your diet.
3679	Includes activities, stalls, a community BBQ, and inspiring speeches unveiling the five-year Lower Dandenong Creek Litter Action Plan.
3680	Including for the Metropolis Transit Authority (MTA).
3681	In college, I sang for the on-campus Catholic church choir for the morning AND evening Sunday Mass. In between those holy appointments, I would go to a Baptist church with friends to check out the vibes.
3682	In comes Brandi and Sharise,” Rachtman explained.
3683	In conclusion, achieving a just transition while ensuring energy security and affordability for all necessitates historic levels of collaboration and partnerships.
3684	In contrast, a quarter of drivers said that they wouldn’t have it any other way, while more than a fifth thought that a messy car was a ‘badge of honour’ and showed that a family has had a good time.
3685	In contrast, the so-called "progressive" sections of the capitalist class, that is the liberals and Christian Democrats represent neither more nor less than the left boot of big business.
3686	In conversation with the press, Richard said: "I have become resigned to the fact that I will never fully recover from her abuse and that it will have a permanent damaging impact on mine and my family's life."
3687	Increased efforts to reduce “brain drain,” improve reputation and tourist appeal and close the LGBTQ+ wage gap all present opportunities to grow GDP and be more competitive with other economies.
3688	“Increase the amount of Omega 3 in your body to help improve your blood lipid profile and reduce your risk of cardiovascular diseases,” advises Nichols.
3689	Increase your situational awareness.
3690	Inc.’s holdings in iShares Core S&P 500 ETF were worth $1,342,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.
3691	In Dane County, at least 119 apartment and larger community-based assisted living facilities accept state-funded payments, but nearly 60% require at least some amount of private pay first, the ADRC found in its latest survey.
3692	In December 2023, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said the production of SAF would rise to 1.875 billion litres in 2024.
3693	In December, Manchester City star England midfielder spoke of his devastation after burglars struck his Cheshire home.
3694	In December of that year, men working in the forest near St Sauvant discovered the mass grave containing the 31 bodies of B Squadron and the US pilot who had attached himself to the unit.
3695	Indeed, can't recall that happening in recent times.
3696	Indeed, the image itself is majestic in beauty, and children in particular tend to be gripped by it and respond in wonder and fascination.
3697	Indeed, the Navy has already blown its money on the redundant Constellation-class frigate and the totally useless Gerald R. Ford-class aircraft carrier.
3698	Indeed, there’s much hope to be gleaned from Los Campesinos! right now.
3699	In defense of Gov. Kay Ivey, she has worked to make a difference in regard to Alabama’s roads.
3700	Independent inquiry into contaminated blood scandal announced by Prime Minister Theresa May.
3701	Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has said three political parties have not nominated agents at all levels of polling or collation for the November 16 Ondo governorship election.
3702	“India and Japan share ‘Special Strategic and Global Partnership’ based on the shared values of democracy, freedom and rule of law,” the ministry said.
3703	India has successfully increased food grain production despite a slight reduction in agricultural land in recent years.
3704	Indianapolis is 5-1 ATS this season, including 3-0 at home.
3705	Indian billionaires' wealth increased 42.1 percent to $905.6 billion, while their number grew from 153 to 185.
3706	Indigenous Nollywood films continue to thrive both in cinemas and on streaming platforms.
3707	Indonesia is a country that experiences landslides and floods during the rainy season.
3708	In downtown Tunis, dozens of customers stand in a long queue snaking out of a supermarket to buy sugar, essential for the end of Ramadan celebrations eight days away.
3709	Indyref ten years on: The vote has narrowed with the.
3710	In each case, that fallacy has resulted in a catastrophe.
3711	Ineos did not take sufficient measures to stop “a major accident” and to “limit its consequences for human health and the environment”.
3712	In essence, real estate related losses would have been more manageable (contained) for the whole U.S. financial system.
3713	“I never expected in the initial response, a detailed response to every one of our 75 recommendations because that’s why we suggested the roadmap.
3714	“I never saw a ball hit so hard,” Trump said, referring to the video.
3715	I never stopped smiling.
3716	I never went and did it again, until I became a director.
3717	In fact, he's made a virtue of record levels of government spending, arguing that it's been an important feature of his economic management, helping Australians manage the cost-of-living crisis.
3718	In fact, the ties between Trump, White and the UFC date back further than Trump’s arrival in national politics, when Trump used to host fights at his properties around the country in the infancy of the MMA promoter.
3719	In fact, you need only visit one of Victoria's 1,000-odd convenience stores that have not (yet) been set on fire.
3720	In February 2023 she said she was "absolutely buzzing with myself" when she ran her first 10 mile race.
3721	In February 2024 the editorial board published an essay titled “A U.S. Call for a Humanitarian Cease-Fire in Gaza,” which certainly sounds anti-genocide.
3722	“In February, during my eighth month of pregnancy, I was diagnosed with a massive blood clot in my brain.
3723	In February, Karen took the first step by applying for a business competition at Dundee University.
3724	In financing the companies behind the MVP, these banks face substantial financial and reputational risks.
3725	Inflation and the health of the US economy have been key issues this election, and on Wednesday new government data showed solid economic growth despite a slight slowdown.
3726	Inflation has seemingly stalled around 3%, complicating the Fed’s goal of taming inflation back to its target rate of 2%.
3727	Information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
3728	Infrastructure Minister also attended the visit.
3729	In general, it's best to use gentler ways of cleaning like air blowers, tape, brushes, or toothpicks.
3730	In general, the market is improving over last year.
3731	Ingredients like raisins, sultanas and more are used to make this once-a-year delight and bring plenty of perks with them.
3732	Ingrid Andress’ popularity is increasing rapidly after a terrible showing at the Home Run Derby.
3733	In Hennepin County, 7.7% of residents rely on SNAP benefits to help meet their basic food needs, while in Ramsey County 11.1% rely on SNAP.
3734	In her article, Jooma delved into the origin of NED and what the organisation stands for.
3735	In her conversation on the main stage at the DealBook Summit 2024 with the event’s founder, Andrew Ross Sorkin, Ms. Williams touched on her competitive nature and her relationships with her family.
3736	In her early days, Moreno was hired mainly to play whatever “ethnic” role the studios needed, whether she was Polynesian, Hawaiian, Filipina, Native American, or Egyptian.
3737	In her maiden speech to parliament, she credited her parents, Peter and teacher Sharon McKee, for 'working hard' and giving her and her musician brother Lewis 'a great start to life'.
3738	In his absence, the Bulls (22-25) have gone 12-9 without their max-contract player.
3739	In his address, T.R. Zeliang commended the organizing committee for their dedication in ensuring the festival's success.
3740	In his head everyone actually was agreeing to a second, unlisted license that says you have to do a bunch of good-will things.
3741	In his LSU career, he threw for 3,951 yards and 24 touchdowns (with 34 interceptions).
3742	In his new role, he went 0-for-4 with two strikeouts.
3743	In his place, Feranmi Olaoye has been appointed as the Acting Executive Producer of the Awards with immediate effect.
3744	In his remarks, the Director-General of NASRDA, Matthew Adepoju, said the agency deserved to go into deploying space spin-offs and it was seriously engaging the private sector to develop the space ecosystem.
3745	In his speech Mr Seiffert also drew attention to the example of self help and good citizenship demonstrated by the hours of unpaid time and labour given to the project, not to mention the £5300 that the local community had contributed up to that time.
3746	In his statement Saturday Sall said because of a dispute between the National Assembly and the Constitutional Court over the rejection of candidates.
3747	In his writings on the link between language and politics, George Orwell was at pains to remind us that when words have an effect, that effect can become a cause in itself, reinforcing the original message but in a much-intensified form.
3748	In India, it is 3.2 per cent,” he said.
3749	In instances of alleged sexual misconduct involving employees, the entities went directly to human resources and did not consult with the Title IX office at all.
3750	Initially, at San Diego Comic-Con 2022, the release date of The Fantastic Four was scheduled to be November 8, 2024.
3751	Initially, he is timid but shows no signs of aggression toward people or other dogs.
3752	“In its wildest dreams, a jammy dodger could never aspire to the melting tenderness and celestial lightness of the Linzer cookie,”
3753	In Japan, there are said to be about 160,000 burial mounds, but only 899 are managed by the Imperial Household Agency, mainly imperial tombs.
3754	Injuries have already taken their toll after Victor Lindelof suffered a knock in pre-season action.
3755	Injuries have not been kind to Burns, whose move north was so fresh, his wife and son were still packing up their belongings in Sydney.
3756	In keeping with the City of Santa Monica’s commitment to sustainability and the environment, Eternal Meadow offers families an eco-friendly burial option.
3757	In line with its Kyosei philosophy of living and working together for the common good, Canon is partnering with a number of businesses and charities and will donate 20,000 books produced during drupa to a variety of causes.
3758	In many countries, Nowruz is celebrated not for a single day but for a week, and as in the case of Iran, it can even spread over weeks with spring cleaning beforehand.
3759	In many ways, Swift's endorsement via Instagram could be critical for Harris simply because of her massive following.
3760	In March, Eilish criticized the use of multiple vinyl variants to boost album sales and chart rankings.
3761	In March, she was declared bankrupt for a second time due to an unpaid tax bill worth more than £750,000 owed to HM Revenue and Customs.
3762	In May, Khalil Anwari (right) joined Vermont’s congressional delegation in Washington, D.C. to advocate for legislation to support refugees and asylum seekers.
3763	In May, then-education minister Stephen Lecce told reporters he wanted to sit down with the leaders of companies like Snapchat, TikTok and Instagram to talk about how to cut out classroom distractions.
3764	In McIntosh’s case, if refused parole this time, he will go before the board again within the next two years.
3765	In memory of the martyrs of the freedom struggle, officers and employees observed two minutes of silence in the administrative complex building in the presence of collector Neeraj Kumar Singh.
3766	In Mexico Beach, along the Gulf Coast in Florida’s Panhandle, Hal Summers said he’s taking no chances, and is heading inland to stay with a friend.
3767	In mid-2022, there was about one violent crime for every one million rides on the subway, according to a New York Times analysis, making the chances of falling victim to such a crime remote.
3768	In mid-February, Maloney, who broke her national record in the 800 metres when she ran 1:58.69 at the 2024 Tyson Invitational in Arkansas, United States, spoke about the challenges she faces as she pursues her professional athlete dream.
3769	In most of the 10 states, the pro-abortion lobby far outspent their pro-life opponents.
3770	In Murrysville — and just feet from Export — Griff’s Italian Ice & Soft Serve started scooping in 2022.
3771	In my lifetime, nothing has diminished the freedom of women as the repeal of Roe v. Wade.
3772	In New Hampshire on Wednesday, she also called for expanding tax deductions tied to the expenses of starting a business and set a goal of 25 million applications to form new companies over the next four years.
3773	In no case were any specifics provided, the sources said.
3774	In November 1899 he had become a member of Glasgow Corporation.
3775	In Oct. 1870, the real Douglass spoke at the same location when it was called Odd Fellows Hall or Westminster Opera House.
3776	In October 2023, the unfinished home hit the market at just under $50 million and resurfaced on Jan.
3777	In one case, a 66-year-old cyclist was hit by a driver in Kitchener.
3778	In order to meet The Company’s profit quota, employees must explore far and distant exomoons in hopes of finding scrap.
3779	In order to monitor any possible activities of other remnants, they also deployed intelligence teams.
3780	“In order to offer parents the best value, and to ensure we are as competitive in the market as possible, we have launched new larger, better value formats.
3781	“In order to provides access to diverse perspectives, the library presents a variety of programs.
3782	In other First Financial Bankshares news, Director bought 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 14th.
3783	In other Fiserv news, COO sold 63,646 shares of Fiserv stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 20th.
3784	In other news, Director Jeffrey M. Johnson purchased 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 6th.
3785	In other news, insider Greg Fitzgerald acquired 20,498 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, October 8th.
3786	In other news, Senior Officer David C. Shaver sold 4,663 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, September 24th.
3787	"In other words, progressives are angling to call Trump’s populist bluff," Aleem wrote Thursday.
3788	In other words, she said, "This time, we have no excuse."
3789	In part, the genocide against Palestinians reveals how so many of the governing bodies of the world value Palestinian death and destruction — and are in fact deeply invested in it, with billions of dollars a year poured into making it possible.
3790	In part, this was a dig at Cruz’s starring role in Trump’s challenge to his decisive 2020 election loss to Biden.
3791	In past reports, he has advocated for enhanced security and salary increases for federal judges, praised judges and their aides for dealing with the coronavirus pandemic and highlighted other aspects of technological changes in the courts.
3792	In perfect scenarios there is lots of things you can try but in the moment you have competing factors to keep in mind.
3793	In preparation for a full-on fixture list leading to the October international break, Ten Hag has his eyes set on squad rotation.
3794	In previous years, the FAFSA could be as long as 108 questions.
3795	In public radio, research from the late twentieth century showed that the core audience was well-educated, wealthy, and middle-aged.
3796	In Queensland, Industrial Relations Minister Grace Grace urged shoppers to respect retail workers.
3797	In recent years, (Yes In My Back Yarders) have battled against NIMBYs (Not In My Back Yarders) over development issues.
3798	In recognition of Lt. Gen. Shikapwasha’s contributions, President Hakainde Hichilema has granted him an official funeral and declared January 21st, 2024, as a day of national mourning.
3799	In related news, CEO sold 19,113 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 7th.
3800	In related news, CFO Prithvi Gandhi acquired 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, August 7th.
3801	In related news, insider sold 693 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, October 24th.
3802	In reply to a question, Abdullah said that “for the past several years, we were hoping that the train would connect the valley in 2007, but due to the tough terrain, the railways had to construct tunnels to connect it.”
3803	In response to backlash, Silverstone “I can understand that it would make some people feel uncomfortable, possibly because it's new to them.
3804	"In response to exclusionary measures against our nation, which undermine the EU's global standing, Türkiye will not refrain from leveraging and enhancing its strategic opportunities and capabilities," Erdoğan said.
3805	In Saltburn, Cat Nab car park in Saltburn was flooded after Millholme Beck burst its banks.
3806	In Saturday’s loss, Hudec scored the Hounds’ lone goal and Parker McLaughlin made 37 saves.
3807	In separate remarks to journalists on Tuesday, Gallant said: “While we pursue an agreement, I have directed the IDF (Israeli defence forces) to prepare for every scenario, including directing our attention to the northern arena.
3808	In September, a federal judge tossed out the case, though Villanueva has since refiled and the case is pending.
3809	Insiders have sold a total of 33,123 shares of company stock valued at $15,796,036 over the last ninety days.
3810	Insiders sold 32,214,010 shares of company stock worth $5,505,889,146 in the last three months.
3811	Insiders sold a total of 44,009 shares of company stock valued at $32,659,800 in the last 90 days.
3812	Insidious, wit hits mix of blink-and-you’ll miss it creepiness as well as its jump scares, builds up that tension very effectively indeed.
3813	Insight Wealth Strategies LLC now owns 18,686 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,604,000 after buying an additional 125 shares during the last quarter.
3814	In some British reports, Reserve Bank John Mangudya and Sister Gucci Grace are reported as second and third richest persons in Zimbabwe, weighing in the range of US$5 billion each.
3815	In some cases, those injured are forgoing care to raise enough money to pay for anticipated medical expenses.
3816	‘In some studies, switching from a carbohydrate-rich diet to a healthy diet with red meat actually lowered the risk of diabetes because this reduced the impact on glucose and insulin.
3817	In some ways, the non-dom story isn't all that important.
3818	Inspecting the City of Carlsbad’s wastewater pipes helps us identify where repairs are needed before expensive and inconvenient emergencies can arise.
3819	Inspire adventures with this poster that features 100 date ideas she can scratch off as you complete them.
3820	In spring 2023, when Tallinn was governed by a coalition of the Center Party and Social Democrats, the opposition party Isamaa proposed renaming all Tallinn schools with the word "Russian" in their titles.
3821	Instagram recommends using a 9:16 aspect ratio, which perfectly fits the vertical screen of most smartphones.
3822	Instead, demonstrate innovative aspects through concrete examples and measurable results.
3823	Instead, he resorted to suggesting that the CIS is not as independent as its name implies.
3824	Instead I check out the multiple, multi-coloured flavours in the glass display.
3825	"Instead I’m on surveillance.
3826	Instead in February 2024 the World Bank’s Executive Board “approved a moratorium on hardening of financing terms in financial year (FY24) and FY 25 for IDA countries in good standing with IDA’s Sustainable Development Financing Policy.”
3827	Instead, Joe Biden’s weakness continues to provoke our geopolitical foes.
3828	Instead of navigating multiple platforms to pay tickets and taxes, apply for business and residential permits, and even acquire properties through auctions, citizens can utilize a single, user-friendly interface.
3829	Instead, Walz did the opposite.
3830	Instead we are mourning the betrayal of democracy by the ANC, a democracy that so many ordinary people fought so hard for.
3831	Institutional investors and hedge funds own 33.65% of the company’s stock.
3832	Institutional investors and hedge funds own 41.08% of the company’s stock.
3833	Instructions include “don’t try to change anyone’s mind” and “assume best intentions from the user.”
3834	In Tableau, pill refers to data types that a user pulls into a workflow while shelves refers to the columns and rows of data being analyzed.
3835	In Tatabanya, Jan-Lennard Struff beat Mate Valkusz 6-3, 6-2 to give Germany the deciding point.
3836	Intech Investment Management LLC Trims Stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co.
3837	Integrated Wealth Concepts LLC bought a new stake in Aptiv PLC () during the 3rd quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
3838	Intel is also building fabs in Poland and Israel, which means it would rather risk Russian aggression and Hamas rockets over dealing with America’s DEI regime.
3839	Interbank rates declined in the money market as inflows from the Federal Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) helped to maintain the financial system’s liquidity.
3840	Intercontinental Exchange makes up about 5.8% of Bancreek Capital Management LP’s holdings, making the stock its 5th largest position.
3841	Inter Miami’s Lionel Messi (10) pushes forward as CF Montreal’s Fernando Alvarez (4) and Samuel Piette (6) defend during the first half of an MLS soccer match Saturday, May 11, 2024, in Montreal.
3842	“In terms of coastal damage that occurred in January, we were not prepared for how to deal with all the structural damage, where piers and wharves washed away, and there are requirements for permits,” Loyzim said.
3843	In terms of good convincing skills, what works best for someone who’s communicating via Zoom or some other virtual platform?
3844	In terms of household consumption, ANZ Research said the slowdown in private consumption in the Philippines is “more genuine” on the back of weaker purchasing power.
3845	In terms of value lost, the agriculture sector suffered P17.44 billion worth of damage, with 555,102 ha affected during the 2009 El Niño episode, the biggest since the late 1990s.
3846	International Assets Investment Management LLC now owns 573,643 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,100,130,000 after acquiring an additional 571,766 shares in the last quarter.
3847	International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach defended having Khelif and Taiwanese boxer Lin Yu-Ting in the women’s division bouts.
3848	In that 1999 season, Hull won five of their 30 league games.
3849	In the 1980s, she worked in Community Development in Wester Hailes in the 1980s and in Craigmillar for organisations including McGovan house, the Thistle Foundation, and the Craigmillar Community Centre in the 90s.
3850	In the 2024 election cycle, that concentrated wealth has, by and large, gone unchallenged.
3851	In the 30 years of being a business owner and operator of our family resort I have significant experience working with both the seasonal and permanent workforce.
3852	In the 35 majors McIlroy has played since Valhalla 2014, he’s finished in the top 10 23 times and in the top 5 11 times.
3853	In the Cammeraygal ward, endorsed Liberal candidate Jessica Keen is in front with 31.4 per cent of 900 votes counted.
3854	In the case of a term deposit, if a person needs to access their money before the term ends, they usually lose the interest upon early withdrawal, but with a government bond, the interest is calculated for the period the bond was held," Leesi explained.
3855	In the case of Mota Frias, Amazon said its own investigation attributed the death to a personal medical condition.
3856	In the Champions League, the six-time winners sit in 13th place after five games, with three wins and two losses.
3857	In the clip, Theo is seen rolling up a banknote, then dipping his head out of frame and snorting.
3858	In the coming months, Chelsea must assess these players’ performances to decide their roles at Stamford Bridge or elsewhere.
3859	In the end he commits a foul.
3860	In the end, Russell’s determination to create the most outlandish rock opera possible results in a film that makes his psychedelic look like a documentary in comparison.
3861	In the event of facing an unimplementable part of the agreement, nothing stops the parties from renegotiating.
3862	"In the first moment, you accepted me, brought me to your home, gave me a rosary for my mother.
3863	In the Green Bay market, for instance, the study estimated Democrats spent $2.3 million on broadcast TV, more than twice what Trump’s campaign spent in that area.
3864	In the huge space, there will be multiple opportunities on offer, such as cardio and strength equipment, a large free weights section, a dedicated glute zone, a functional Eleiko area and a studio dedicated to Hybrid training.
3865	In the Inn, talk to Tokal to continue the questline and pick up Cherry For Your Thoughts.
3866	In the interview late Sunday, Barnier called for a "national effort" to cut deficits, but ruled out across-the-board tax rises.
3867	In their appeal letter, signed by the Chairman, Courage Asia, and PRO Ofure Osehobo, the residents noted the potential role of the nearby moat on the eastern end of Express Avenue.
3868	In their directors’ report, the directors highlight Beckham’s appointment as “our newest brand partner”.
3869	In the last 3 years, Cleveland has recorded a total of 9,994 reports – with a 20% decrease in reports from 2022 to 2023.
3870	In the last quarter, insiders have sold 262,458 shares of company stock worth $13,049,275.
3871	In the living room, a street-facing window is topped with original stained glass and a strip of exposed brick lines one wall.
3872	In the meantime, Boegman said he’s confident there are no more missing ballots.
3873	In the meantime, further bad news will likely push HTZ to lower prices even more.
3874	In the other agricultural categories, they would allow one residential unit per four or five acres instead of one unit per eight to 10 acres.
3875	In the past, a woman was applauded for ‘standing by her man’ when infidelity was discovered.
3876	In the past, efforts to drill into mantle rocks that emerged to the surface in the deep sea had only reached 659 feet.
3877	"In the period from January 22 to January 24, Russian Foreign Minister plans to take part in a UNSC quarterly open debate on the situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian issue, and a meeting on Ukraine initiated by our country," she said.
3878	In the promo, Shweta can be heard telling her daughter Navya that she would never date someone like her because “you have to have that Valentine’s Day thing.”
3879	In the sacrament of Holy Baptism, the person being baptised is ‘grafted in’, connected, to Christ, the true vine.
3880	In the second picture, taken a five months later, it looks much thicker and healthier.
3881	In the second quarter, the Wildcats scrambled back to within four points at 25-21 at the half.
3882	In the series, we do not see much of these but rather through the confessions done through a shrink.
3883	In the South, listeners of a certain age are raised on both rap and country.
3884	In the spirit of today’s readings, let’s be willing to proclaim fearlessly God’s love and forgiveness for all, especially those who don’t quite get it right all the time in their thinking and in their actions.
3885	In the succession of scapegoats chosen by the followers of this tradition of Know-Nothingism, the intelligentsia have at last in our time found a place.
3886	In the summer, it provides and excellent location for mooring boats, paddle boarding and swimming.
3887	In the upcoming game against the Colorado Avalanche, which begins at 9:00 PM ET on Saturday, can we…
3888	In the VOCALOID Editor, you string together both vocal sounds from the voicebank and a melody, and it turns into music.
3889	In the wealthy enclave of Davis Islands in Tampa, where star athletes like Derek Jeter and Tom Brady have lived, no one died, but homes, businesses and apartments were flooded.
3890	In this case it is drivers and local knowledge.
3891	In this case, it's not that the business' performance has deteriorated in a really meaningful way, but they have faced growth challenges.
3892	In this case, the bullshit includes cisgender straight men.
3893	In this case the parliament has almost no real checks on the executive and can become more of a glorified debating chamber than a legitimate house of review.
3894	“In this context, there are opinions that the use of the concept of ‘justice’ in political rhetoric and practice supposedly entails certain risks, giving rise to excessive expectations and increasing demands on power.
3895	In this regard, we condemn the premeditated terrorist act of detonating handheld communication devices in Beirut on 17 September 2024, resulted in the loss of life and injury of dozens of civilians.
3896	In this season, the best 100 contestants from different professional backgrounds will essentially compete with one another.
3897	In this variation they will use Wild Turkey 101 Rye whiskey with Concord Grape Manischewitz as the floater.
3898	In those areas, the muddled use of different pigments and compounds makes it difficult for traditional deconvolutional algorithms to properly analyze the element mades made by MA-XRF.
3899	In today’s terms, that would be worth close to $100 million, highlighting the immense value of gold even back then.
3900	In Tuesday’s feature contest, Old Road Daggers rallied to a 10-points win over Rebels, winning 67-57 also at the JSC basketball.
3901	In turn, that would lead to more straightforward calculations of how much carbon those areas are pulling from the atmosphere.
3902	In turn, this new dynamic puts relations with France at a second-tier level.
3903	In Uganda the engineers dont call themselves Eng. Banda.
3904	In Ukraine, two civilians died and four more suffered wounds in a nighttime Russian airstrike on the northern city of Sumy, the regional military administration reported.
3905	Invesco Next Gen Media and Gaming ETF ): The ETF targets top media and gaming innovators, including major digital advertisers, balancing risk with growth through diversification.
3906	Investigators received reports of the incident around 9:50 a.m. Saturday, according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department.
3907	Investing platforms provide this service although they will charge.
3908	Investment Advisory Services Inc. TX ADV now owns 3,636 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $667,000 after buying an additional 57 shares during the last quarter.
3909	Investors can then use their newly-acquired Ethereum or Bitcoin to purchase Everipedia using one of the exchanges listed above.
3910	Investors must disclose when they reach 5 per cent ownership of public companies.
3911	Investors of record on Friday, June 28th were issued a $0.31 dividend.
3912	Investors seeking to acquire API3 should first purchase Ethereum or Bitcoin using an exchange that deals in U.S. dollars such as Changelly, or GDAX.
3913	In Week 8 against the Detroit Lions, Okonkwo put up a season-low -0.6 fantasy points, with these numbers: two receptions, 14 yards, on five targets.
3914	In what world is an NFL head coach’s job in jeopardy after leading his team to 12 wins and playoff berths in three consecutive seasons?
3915	In Wisconsin a recount can be requested if the margin is within 1 percent.
3916	In Worcester the focus remains on sections of the medieval city walls south of The Butts between Angel Place and Bath Cottage.
3917	Iowa sharpshooter Caitlin Clark ascended to the professional ranks on Monday, going first overall to the Indiana Fever in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) Draft after a record-breaking collegiate career.
3918	"I passed those places and it made things a lot easier for me at night due to the street lights.
3919	I pat his back once, gently.
3920	"I personally haven't had any problems and nobody I know is complaining about it either.
3921	I projected the film over these images, and a synchronous loop be me reading the poems played as the film looped on the canvas.
3922	Iran is still subject to economic sanctions by Western nations because of continued Iranian efforts to develop nuclear weapons.
3923	I ran my credit card through and the alarm sounded.
3924	Iran’s interior minister, Ahmad Vahidi, said on May 6 that the country had expelled more than 1.3 million Afghans in the last 12 months.
3925	I read in the Review-Journal that the Las Vegas city manager was given a generous 9 percent salary increase after being on the job for one year.
3926	“I realized I had no idea who I was, and I couldn’t go on that way.”
3927	I really don't," Clare announced.
3928	I really hope they do it because it is so badly needed."
3929	I really think the key to the Broncos’ success this week is to get their offense dialed in.
3930	I really toyed with giving Chicago EDGE Jared Verse or OT Olu Fashanu, but by bringing in Caleb Williams, you gotta bring in another receiver to help out DJ Moore.
3931	I recently put my Eagle County ballot into a local drop box and a day or two later got a from the Colorado Secretary of State’s office letting me know it had been counted.
3932	I regret the recent escalation between Yemen and Israel, and remain deeply concerned about the risk of further escalation in the region.
3933	I reject outright the terms of surrender of the monsters of Hamas."
3934	“I remember in 2022 when I visited the headquarters of RAID in France on the invitation and I made a request for this type of training, I never knew it was something that would come so fast and this consistently.
3935	“I remember that Pride very well because our son was born over that weekend,” Quiroga says.
3936	Ironically, hollyhock (Althaea rosea), a close cousin of marsh mallow, demands polar opposite soil conditions for growth.
3937	IRS Commissioner Daniel Werfel insisted during a recent House hearing that the agency has both “a responsibility and an authority to offer taxpayers different approaches for how to meet their tax obligation.”
3938	IRS last year announced a campaign to target 1,600 seriously delinquent millionaires, which has so far resulted in more than $500 million recovered tax payments.
3939	Irvine's Cooper Craft made a £200 sponsorship donation to talented young footballer Sam Trousdale at their latest meeting.
3940	Irwin, a Thousand Oaks Democrat and former tech engineer, sold Amazon stock worth somewhere between $300,003 and $3 million between May and July last year.
3941	Isaac also recently learned American Sign Language and hopes to be a writer someday.
3942	I said enough, because I didn’t want.
3943	"I said: 'He will be a top coach.'
3944	I said, ‘I left two years ago.’
3945	"I saw a couple of cops with binoculars looking down the river and we drove by and everything was shut down," said Moises Maya, who lives in the neighborhood.
3946	“(I saw) how much (Bailey) loved it, and I knew that I would love it if I started working for it,” she said.
3947	“I saw the ability of Israelis and the Jewish people I met over the past 10 months to find joy in very dark times.
3948	I say that as someone there and who knew people lost.
3949	Is cloud DVR space included?
3950	I see no reason why you should not be faithful to your partner.
3951	I should probably note that winds will subside a bit by Tuesday morning, but it will lead to very cold start to the day with lows falling into the low 20s.
3952	“ is in for a tumultuous period.”
3953	ISIS has claimed responsibility for a shooting, according to a statement from the ISIS-affiliated Amaq news agency, citing a security source from the terror group.
3954	Is it better to take a multivitamin or individual vitamins?
3955	Is it the populist politician who shows up randomly halfway through?
3956	Is margarine what you should choose for your health — or is butter a better spread?
3957	Is New Music Coming?
3958	I sometimes wonder whether the civilians of Gaza will take a turn toward helping Israel defeat Hamas.
3959	I specifically challenged her as to it possibly being looked at as cultist, and staff in its good intention has supported this look, unintentionally.
3960	"I spent months figuring out the optimal conditions for this new in vitro system, including which cell growth conditions and fluorescent reporters to use," Han explains.
3961	I spoke with many artists, and each one was thrilled, sometimes surprised, to be recognized for their talents.
3962	Israel also said it is opening a new embassy in Chișinău, Moldova.
3963	Israel and Egypt also practice DST for 7 months of the year, while states and territories in Australia and New Zealand have DST for 6 months.
3964	Israel has sought to wipe out Hamas since it led the October 7 attack which killed around 1,200 people and resulted in another 253 being abducted into Gaza, according to Israeli tallies.
3965	Israeli airstrikes also hit civilian homes in the southern towns of Tura, Ma’rakah, and Debbin, as well as Jibchit, Aaba, and Deir al-Zahrani along the border.
3966	Israeli airstrikes target a home near Saad Mosque in Jabaliya, northern Gaza.
3967	Israeli occupation forces detained 28 Palestinians in various areas of the West Bank and East Jerusalem, according to Palestinian prisoner groups.
3968	Israel killed more than a dozen senior Hezbollah commanders in an air strike on the Shi’ite militia’s stronghold of southern Beirut on Friday.
3969	Israel's retaliatory offensive has killed at least 35,709 people in Gaza, most of them civilians, according to the Hamas-run territory's health ministry.
3970	“I started as a customer assistant at E.ON in 2007 and I was annoyed because people would complain to me about their energy bills, but I couldn’t understand how to help them.
3971	'I started having internal tremors, migraines, muscle fasciculations, heart palpitations, food sensitivities, debilitating chronic fatigue, muscle weakness and intense vertigo.
3972	I started out working with victims of domestic violence and knew that that was a huge part of my calling and found that to be pretty rewarding.”
3973	Is that heavily accounted for, then, by in-state migration?
3974	Is the EcoBoost Mustang the best entry-level sports car out there?
3975	Is the Nissan Ariya a good-looking car?
3976	Is there a large inventory, therefore, of missing but found service members that are unidentified that are either embalmed?
3977	Is there a McDonald's here?
3978	Is there a mobile app for 1Win?
3979	Is there a Victorian lady nearby?
3980	“Is this the place where that Radical Right Winger Mr. Walrus works at”?
3981	Is this where stupid people come to wallow in knee jerk speed camera hate?
3982	I still hear about the wounds that their children, now adults, still feel and the long-lasting, devastating impact on their lives.
3983	I strive to encourage others to take positive action to make the world better for all of us.
3984	“I suggest we clear the room of pride, vacuum up all the egos, and beg forgiveness,” he said, adding that this approach could help create a unified and credible government.
3985	“I suppose it means I’ve got a lot of happy customers and it’s so nice to receive this recognition,” he said.
3986	I suspect the child care bill died for the same reason as the public financing bill - the leaders in the legislature don't want competition when they run for office.
3987	‘I swapped my comfortable life with ITV for OnlyFans after having an epiphany’
3988	It accounts for a little over 5 percent of the total volume of spirits sold in Maine and retails for $34.99, according to Anya Trundy, the legislative liaison for Mills’ budget department.
3989	It adds: "Landlord costs, including repair and maintenance, compliance, and insurance costs have increased dramatically."
3990	It adds to the character.
3991	"I talked to my OB-GYN about it, and she basically laughed it off, telling me not to induce.
3992	It all went out the window in half a period.
3993	It also has advanced 128-byte encryption standards to protect your account.
3994	It also impacts other aspects of her health including blood circulation, digestion and sleep.
3995	It also includes comped subscriptions, which MLS season ticket-holders receive.
3996	It also means your body is not like an internal combustion engine which uses heat to expand a gas to push a piston.
3997	It also offers various lending options, such as import and export, invoice, bridging, asset, property, equity, grant funding, as well as unsecured lending services.
3998	It also welcomed 13.5m Muslims who came to perform Umrah and aims to reach 30m pilgrims in total by 2030.
3999	It applies to travel insurance, electrical goods cover and car insurance that is bought through a dealership.
4000	It calculated that 2.6 million global deaths every year are alcohol-related.
4001	It came back in the “Mad Men” era, the TV show “Mad Men.”
4002	It came loaded with a double beef style smashed patty, 'cheeze', ‘FA secret sauce’, pickles, diced onions and lettuce.
4003	It came on me like a flu.
4004	It can also lead to amputations and blindness, consequently impacting the mental health of the patients.
4005	It can also travel in dirt, so can be found on the bottom of shoes, inside houses, on dog leads, collars, bowls, clothes, toys, and even on human hands."
4006	It can be caused by genetic conditions, problems with the structure of the brain, problems during birth, brain damage or infections like meningitis as a young baby.
4007	It comes after the Met Office issued a bleak forecast for this weekend (February 17-18) including a 27-hour weather warning for rain covering much of the UK, the Daily Star previously reported.
4008	It comes after US rock band Vampire Weekend, who were confirmed to perform just days before the festival, brought out reality star to play an American game titled Cornhole – which involves throwing a bean bag into an angled board.
4009	It comes as Britons struggle to find an NHS dentist that is open to new patients in some areas, with people forced to pull out their own teeth at home.
4010	It comes as police confirm a suspected piece of unexploded ordinance has been found by a member of the public.
4011	It could be that they either want a cool name, or there’s just someone else in the union with that same name already.
4012	It could result in tens of thousands of German job losses.
4013	It covers imperfections and even skin tone without looking dull or caked on.
4014	"It definitely stood out.
4015	It didn't stop me from doing what I loved to do.
4016	It does a good job of picking up our dog's hair.
4017	It does not, however, guarantee that he will start an NFL game when the regular season comes back into view in September, but he will have the chance to fight for the job of the team’s kicker.
4018	It doesn’t mean he’s going to continue improving, but he’s wayyyyyy ahead of where I thought he’d be.
4019	It doesn’t mean we’re not getting resources in, we’re getting resources in every day,” Incident Commander Carl Schwope said.
4020	It evolved through Middle English into its modern form.
4021	It expects lenders to maintain project-specific data in an electronic and easily accessible format.
4022	“It feels like we’re watching a Todd Haynes film as filtered through the lens of a Hitchcockian tale, with a late-story development that’s bat-bleep crazy but also gripping.”
4023	It focused on a five-hour credentialing process that it said undermined confidence that the delegates on hand were those selected to attend the convention at county mass meetings.
4024	It focuses on additional deportation flights out.
4025	It follows the justice secretary saying the prisons system faces "total collapse".
4026	It foretold a coming era at the Motown label, when the experimentation would ramp up and the songs would tackle tougher topics with regularity.
4027	It forms part of the NHS and Government’s primary care access recovery plan, designed to make accessing healthcare easier for millions of people.
4028	It gave my skin just the right amount of moisture and performed its job well as an occlusive.
4029	It gets harder in fact because we still don't know after all these years."
4030	It goes far deeper than that.
4031	It goes right to the spot, all winter foggy it is not.
4032	It happens in relatively long segments, while your heartbeat and breathing slow to their lowest levels.
4033	It has £25 per fuel early-exit penalties."
4034	"It has a great art style, it's really cute, it's informational, it's fun, I could go on.
4035	It has been a hugely popular fixture of Swansea's summer social calendar, with hundreds flocking to Singleton Park to enjoy food, drink and live music whilst sat under a big top tent.
4036	“It has been a really long journey to even make it back into the squad again.
4037	“It has been wonderful to hear how much families have loved watching this together, as part of the BBC’s Saturday evening entertainment offering.
4038	It has customizable settings, and the 180-degree rotation enhances usability.
4039	It has now found refuge behind the very popular beauty parlour, Optionz Hair and Beauty, in Downley.
4040	It has to be said that Riner had a tough day.
4041	I then slowly lowered both legs, pointing my toes, down towards the machine and back up again.
4042	I think about it as prioritization.
4043	“I think a lot of people feel disappointment about the direction both parties are going, and I definitely experienced that.”
4044	“I think any publicity is good publicity.
4045	I think he’s seeing ghosts,” Morrison said.
4046	“I think his coming here alone says that he understands that he needs rural communities in order to be successful,” said Darrel “BJ” Gibson, vice-chair of the board of commissioners in Scotland county.
4047	I think I’m gonna set him up and shoot him dead.
4048	I think it also is incredibly enabling.
4049	… I think it gets in his head a little; he wants to succeed so bad.
4050	I think it’s going to go much, much higher for many reasons, on both the supply and demand side.
4051	“I think it’s important that there’s information out there, but you can also have information overload,” Trout said.
4052	I think it’s just about putting your head down and focusing on what you care about, what you’re passionate about, and just doing it and worrying about what other people have to say after.”
4053	“I think it’s really important to gear the café towards local people rather than tourists – they’re who will keep us going through the winter, so we want to build this new place around them.
4054	“I think it’s the best possible outcome, and that we listened, we heard, and we applied the respective approach to our fees in a way that was transparent throughout.”
4055	"I think it's very telling he pulled out his application from New York, when he had even said in the media, there's no point in doing this if I don't have New York," Hawkins said.
4056	“I think it took me a couple of minutes to settle in and it was just unbelievable.
4057	“I think I will write Navalny on it, I will say that Putin is illegitimate, I support democratic values,” she told AFP.
4058	I think many of my fans were aware that for the last 23 years, if they really studied my career, I’ve been performing with Grand Funk Railroad.
4059	“I think she’s a really good goalkeeper.
4060	“I think some people are too emotionally interested in certain teams, games, etc. But you have to understand that they’re real people at the end of the day, not someone to bet on.” he said.
4061	I think that comes across in the movie, too.
4062	I think that natural gas is a long-term winner in the energy marketplace and Williams stands to benefit from population growth trends along the Transco corridor, as well as the possibility of increasing LNG exports.
4063	I think that’s being tough.”
4064	I think that was the wisdom.
4065	I think that would be really cool, just to pick him off — & get the victory, first & foremost.": "If you sack Russ, are you gonna say, 'Let's ride'?"
4066	I think the further on your career you get, you realise you cherish it a lot more.
4067	"I think the opportunities to grow investments in our region is fantastic," she said during the meeting.
4068	"I think travelers would like to know exactly what’s going on.
4069	I think we can feel quite good about the business we’ve done.”
4070	I think we have to keep that safe out there as well,” Woodruff said.
4071	“I think we’re doing pretty well here.
4072	I think we worked really hard as a line.”
4073	I think what ended up happening was — well, I know — I said a take about Joe Mazzulla.
4074	I thought I was ready for this step but now I seem to be questioning it,” Jason Struhs said.
4075	“I thought, ‘no you’ve done this again.’
4076	I thought Roni Sagi and Rhythm should have won.
4077	"I thought they had all hatched, but one hadn't and it hatched in my hand.
4078	I thought when we got to the vets they would say we would have to have him put down."
4079	It includes personalized insights and projections to help people plan for the retirement of their dreams.
4080	It indicated that “the Israeli army will focus on the method of raids based on available intelligence information.”
4081	It involves the moon rising and setting at its most extreme points in the sky.
4082	It is a $36 billion nuclear generating facility that went $20 billion over budget and took.
4083	"It is a big blow for us because he had just come back (from injury)."
4084	It is about standing behind local, young, emerging talent.
4085	It is a fabulous property with a fascinating provenance.
4086	It is against the law to knowingly dispose of NiMH batteries in the garbage in New York State.
4087	“It is a good flavour for us.”
4088	It is a little pricey at $500 for the smaller size, but if that’s what you’re going for, then you just can’t beat the iPad mini (2021).
4089	It is also seeking a penalty from Google to promote compliance with Canada's competition laws, the statement said.
4090	It is a nice thought that this would result in more funding going directly to resources, but there have been no resources for students at all this quarter, except for a couple of days when food bags were dealt out.
4091	It is a one in 44 million life-threatening condition that severely impacts quality of life.
4092	It is a partnership that has enabled us to always swiftly and effectively respond to challenges, as witnessed in the past”.
4093	It is a risk and a little scary but we have to try to keep growing and it will take time to get properly bedded down into the Gloucester community.
4094	It is a symbiosis between a fascist entertainer and a fanatically fast-paced journalism that is fighting for autonomy and which, at the very least, suspects that it many have long since lost the battle for authoritativeness.
4095	“It is brilliant to see Rylane Community Park Association, Macroom FC, Kilmurry GAA and Newcestown GAA to name a few locally that were successful in securing funding.
4096	It is claimed her attacker, wearing a mask and gloves, removed a large knife from his waistband and stabbed Elianne repeatedly.
4097	“It is critical that boards, together with management, dedicate meaningful time once or twice a year to have an in-depth discussion on the key risks that are impacting their companies, including geopolitical risks”
4098	It is currently passable with care.
4099	It is currently working with contractor Wilmot Dixon to develop a project plan.
4100	It is delivered in partnership with Willmott Dixon, Solihull College and University Centre and RMF Group.
4101	"It is disgraceful that whilst real time bus information has been standard in London for years, we in the North East still don’t know when and if a bus is going to turn up.
4102	"It is dispiriting, you try and improve things and stuff like this happens.
4103	It is equal to 15% of a worker’s base pay for up to 16 hours worked per day.
4104	It is evident that the strides made by social work are ongoing, but there is still a long way to go and a lot of work to be done.
4105	It is expected that government formation talks could potentially resume on 6 January, though some speculate there could be meetings held before the new year also.
4106	It is expected to support wireless magnetic charging and adds that the phone will likely be "compatible with Apple ecology."
4107	It is hard to lose weight and keep it off no matter how much effort and discipline you dedicate if your body can’t utilize energy appropriately.
4108	It is irrefutable that Nikki’s medical records show that she was severely ill during the last week of her life.
4109	It is known for other sponsorships including, the Kaduna Georgian Cup Polo Tournament, now in its 103rd year, which is perhaps the longest-standing sports sponsorship in the world.
4110	“It is my hope that we can go back to twice a month meetings because it is my belief that the more opportunities to engage … that we afford our community … the richer the accomplishments will be.
4111	It is not a simple argument and it will not be easily solved.
4112	It is not clear what causes IPF, according to the NHS, and there is "currently no treatment that can stop or reverse the scarring of the lungs".
4113	“It is not entirely clear when the relationship began, but it began while Wade was married,” the motion claimed, adding that Wade filed for divorce just one day “after his first contract with Willis commenced.”
4114	“It is nothing related to the hamstring, but he was not available for the game.”
4115	It is not known what sort of explosive was used, but it is probable that it was Semtex or another “plastic” type explosive that could be either rolled into a small button or tube shape or laid out in a thin slice.
4116	It is not the duty of government to produce and share food among citizens.
4117	It isn't, unfortunately, without problems.
4118	It is only through your continued support that together we can achieve this, time after time.”
4119	It is our shared responsibility to rally around President Tinubu and support his efforts to navigate these turbulent times rather than diverting his attention to future political contests.
4120	“It is our wish for primary schools to produce educated people for development in this area but infrastructure remains a challenge to the provision of quality education,” he said.
4121	It is part of a broader $50 million paid media campaign for the month of June and comes less than two weeks before the first debate between President Biden and Trump.
4122	It is popularly assumed that during his time at Manchester United, he earned fifteen million pounds every season.
4123	It is reckoned that there are nearly 100,000 site applicants before MUDA many of whom have been waiting for site allotment since decades.
4124	It is said the class system in England is based on birth, the class system in America is based on wealth and in Ireland there is a class system, but nobody can tell you what it’s based on.
4125	“It is scary times for our industry.”
4126	It is still unclear who opened fire, officials said.
4127	"It is such a unique program, the content and lessons are all fantastic, they have loads of energy, and the feedback from teachers so far has been excellent.
4128	It is suggested that Cashman's access to drugs would have come through the Huyton Firm.
4129	It is the appointees of the government that cause problems, not the elected man.
4130	It is those few things that one holds as most important.
4131	It is understood delays of 50 minutes are expected and the incident is expected to clear at around 2pm.
4132	It is usually not currently possible to buy alternative cryptocurrencies such as BOOK OF MEME directly using U.S. dollars.
4133	It is usually not possible to purchase alternative cryptocurrencies such as Liquity USD directly using US dollars.
4134	“It is very important to know kate’s nurses were Filipino.
4135	It is with heavy hearts that we announce the peaceful passing of our beloved husband and father Tom on Sunday, September 15, 2024 at St Paul’s Hospital Palliative Care Unit, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, with his family by his side.
4136	It just speaks to the relationship that he had with the viewers, how stressed out everybody was that he was not going to be there in the next season.
4137	“It kind of looks like we didn’t do anything, which can be defeating,” said Mikaylee Garcia, 22, a volunteer who recently graduated from Azusa Pacific.
4138	“It led administration to say, ‘Okay, this is an official thing and we’re going to dedicate people’s time and expertise to it.’
4139	It led to him making bad decisions and being aggressive.
4140	It'll be very emotional.
4141	It'll help the kids that want the help.
4142	It looked as though it was not going to be Malta’s day after a poor first session showing which saw the team lose Mark Castillo for brutality and slump 5-2 behind after a sloppy defensive display.
4143	It looked like an inspired change.
4144	It made me laugh, it made me cry and upon completion, I thought it was nothing short of a masterpiece.
4145	It makes good reading for some in Leicestershire too.
4146	It makes them better.
4147	It makes the modern renaissance of the video game adaptation that much more exciting and interesting when comparing it to the massive garbage pile that preceded it.
4148	It may be pointed out that in July the news about the death of 5 children of the home came to light.
4149	“It may have been 12 years since the death of Sowerby Bridge Man but that doesn’t mean he is forgotten,” said Dave Grimstead, CEO and co-founder of Locate International.
4150	It may seem you’re the only one capable of doing so.
4151	It means “great community” or “wonderful people.”
4152	It means heat-related deaths are undercounted, typically overlooking thousands, if not tens of thousands, of deaths.
4153	“It means you’re passing urine more than usual.
4154	“It meant benefits, earning leave, and, most importantly, providing health insurance for my seven-month-old son.
4155	It meant they could tie the knot in 'stunning' surroundings - booking a legal ceremony for just £270 in January 2023.
4156	It must be investigated thoroughly and to the last consequences.”
4157	It needs reminding that this is not normal.
4158	It needs to stop killing civilians and aid workers today.
4159	"It not only provides an exceptional educational experience but also enriches our community by bringing a world leading institution such as the Royal Opera House to Teesside to perform opera with young people, for their families."
4160	It offers a forward yield of 3.82%, well above the healthcare industry’s average yield of 1.58%.
4161	I told him it was inappropriate, I informed production.’
4162	I told him I was going to the pub and he was fine with it.
4163	“I told him that I live in Australia and was born in Nepal.
4164	It originally distinguished itself as a rival to ChatGPT close to equal in ability, but having an advantage of a huge context window, allowed it to take in larger questions than OpenAI.
4165	It overbilled these customers to the tune of N14.13bn.
4166	It premiered at the prestigious Cannes Film Festival in 2017 where it won the Grand Prix award (essentially the second highest honor at the fest), and went on to win Best Film at the César Awards (which are basically the French Oscars).
4167	It raises it, because it is essential that Mr Trump is defeated.
4168	It refers to leveraging other people’s resources, such as loans, investments, or partnerships, to finance ventures or projects instead of relying solely on one’s own capital.
4169	It remains firmly protected by the First Amendment, though, even in the face of competing claims that it is emotionally distressing.
4170	It remains unclear whether attendees will be refunded for the cancelled event with organisers issuing a brief statement on Sunday.
4171	It remains unclear why McGuiness and Sykes won’t be performing with the band.
4172	It revealed that they varied hugely from generalist to specialist support by trained staff.
4173	I tried to fool the generative AI into being evil by claiming it was merely a game.
4174	I truly didn’t think I’d ever return to New York or see my mom again.
4175	It's a baking summer's day on Liverpool's Lodge Lane and Mo Younis is gathering stock ahead of what he hopes will be a good day of business.
4176	It’s a big mistake to see him as an economic saviour.
4177	It's a biplane, so you have the top layer and there's a second layer underneath, which is also fully detached from the main volumes.
4178	It’s about 30% our genetic makeup and about 70% how we choose to live, the experts tell us.
4179	It’s about a Yoruba king married to an Igbo woman, with a Hausa man coming to invest.
4180	It’s about choice and it’s about the individual being able to be in control of their environment and the services that best meet their needs – including, for some, using sex worker service.
4181	It’s about finally having the opportunity to believe in yourself, and the song culminates in this ripping tandem guitar part that feels like shattering the Earth with your own two hands.
4182	It’s about the points of convergence (…) historically, the far-right has upheld conservative interpretations of Christianity to guide their thoughts on women and queer rights,” explained Mack.
4183	It’s about winning basketball games.
4184	Its "abusing women in politics" complains that the company found "1,000 abusive comments targeting women politicians running for office" on Instagram.
4185	“It’s a cool thing I learned from them and I get to kind of yell at them a little bit, which is fun, too.
4186	It’s a dose of Christmas for borrowers, offering hope for a strong finish to 2024 and renewed confidence in the market heading into 2025."
4187	“It’s a good thing for the country when you have two fired-up conventions where people are now really excited,” she told me over the clatter of the broadcast suite of the United Center on Thursday night.
4188	It’s a great place to locate a business and create jobs.
4189	It’s a great way to build up their defences without any real risk.
4190	It’s a holiday, and you want to be nice.
4191	It’s also Brad Schulenberg’s first day of work at Highland Popcorn, and he’s forgotten his lunch bag inside the MSS offices.
4192	It’s also safer for humans and the environment, as muons are a result of natural radiation.
4193	It’s also why the NCAA instituted around weight-cutting for college wrestling.
4194	It’s always a good reminder to me that my vocation as a deacon, a priest and now a bishop really is the fruit of my parents’ vocation of Christian marriage.”
4195	It's amazing to remember that the original animated movie was released back in 2002, and a lot of kids have since been born who would be discovering the film, then the TV spinoffs, and now, the books, comics, and manga spinoffs ever since.
4196	It sank 2.5%, as some investors may have locked in profits before closing their books on the year's first quarter.
4197	It’s a no-brainer,” Dan Eberhart, chief executive of the oil-field services company Canary, recently told The Washington Post.
4198	It's anticipated that the council tax increase will be reversed at a further special meeting of the full council, due to take place on Monday, April 15.
4199	“It’s a picture of all of the girls and their championship holding their posters and all that,” Gardner explained.
4200	It’s a place I’m proud to call home.
4201	It’s a safe bet that the final decision on that will be Haslam’s, even if his football people manage to conceal the fact that the non-football person who bought the team is calling those shots.
4202	It's a simple but powerful way to keep your sleeping space fresh and allergen-free without much hassle.
4203	It’s a slice of Italy where the pasta is al dente, and the romance is always al fresco.
4204	“It’s a stunt, but then I fully swallow the balloon, and it doesn’t come back.
4205	It’s a sunny bank holiday weekend and the visitor centre, cafe and car parks are heaving.
4206	It’s a testament to the fact that athletic ability is not defined by a single body type; rather, it’s about skill, strategy, and the love of the game.”
4207	"It's a true crime thriller.
4208	It’s a versatile piece that includes three cubbies, three shoe racks and a top shelf.
4209	It’s a very paired down experience.
4210	“It’s a very, very turbulent, shocking” finale for Tiffany, Kane tells TVLine.
4211	“It’s a very welcoming space, it’s a kind of venue as well where we could have Pride events,” McLeod said.
4212	It’s a win-win for people and the planet.
4213	It says the average social rent for a three bed housing association flat on Elephant Park is £186.62 per week, compared to £137.32 for the average council flat in Southwark.
4214	It says we can expect persistent and heavy rain, as much as 20mm widely and 30mm in some parts.
4215	“It’s basically not what you think it’s going to be,” Youngblut told Jodi Hughes on CTV Morning Live Calgary.
4216	It's been almost a year since the Federal Reserve set the federal funds rate at 5.33%, and a lot of people have been chomping at the bit for it to start going back down toward rates that we've been far more used to -- except for savers, that is.
4217	“It’s been difficult,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said.
4218	“It’s been great to work with Round Table and the rugby club.
4219	"It's been many years where primary care has been underfunded, undervalued so it's going to take many years for us to kind of dig ourselves out of the hole."
4220	“It’s been quite amazing, to be honest.
4221	"It's been really reassuring to see that people are taking care of complete strangers and doing what they should as citizens."
4222	“It’s broadening it out from what I stood on at the previous election, and we’ve included businesses this time because of retail crime.
4223	It's classic design means that it will be a hard-working wardrobe item that can be paired well with many outfits, whether that be jeans and t-shirt or even a smart dress and tights.
4224	"It's clearly in Israel's interest," he said.
4225	It's correct there are six women in the image but it appears as if there are only five pairs of legs in the snap.
4226	It’s crucial for managers to assess the various digital stressors affecting their employees and then target them as a combination, according to the researchers.
4227	It's crucial to remember to take any medication on time and keep up-to-date with repeat prescriptions.
4228	It’s currently easy for energy consumers to sign up for renewables-only electricity.
4229	“It’s darn close to middle class,” said Armando Elenes of the in Keene, which won union contracts for workers at Monterey Mushrooms and Dole.
4230	It’s defined to include a bus stop with frequent service during selected hours of the day.
4231	"It's different but super cool."
4232	It seamlessly integrates with existing app development workflows and tools, requiring no changes to the SDK source code or development environment.
4233	It’s easy to imagine someone abusing that candour.
4234	“It seemed like lazy casting,” he told Variety.
4235	“It seems like we took turns but I got in foul trouble and they picked up the pace and kept us in the game,” Bona said.
4236	It’s estimated that 90 percent of the USACE-operated recreation areas are within 50 miles of metropolitan areas, offering diverse outdoor activities for all ages close to home.
4237	Its event will include cave tours, campgrounds and an underground concert.
4238	It’s fantastic that players get to make money now.
4239	It's flowy and delicate and will look stunning paired with your favorite heeled sandals and a clutch bag.
4240	It's full time at the SMiSA Stadium as St Mirren stun Rangers in stoppage time to claim a 2-1 victory.
4241	It’s funny, because for the most part, we were winging it early on, which worked fine.
4242	It’s game over for the big-budget -Tiger Shroff-starrer, after the action film crashed on Monday after the four-day extended Eid holiday weekend.
4243	It’s going to be a process.
4244	It’s great to have America’s Governor back onside.
4245	'It's had a lasting impact on these victims, who were left terrified but thankfully not seriously injured.
4246	“It’s hard for us to get everything done, so a partnership would help us tremendously,” Zerblas said.
4247	It’s hardly the first time that a brilliant, challenging arthouse film was met with contempt from general audiences, with films like Killing Them Softly, Solaris, The Box, having earned F Cinemascores.
4248	It’s hard to say Tomlin made the wrong decision.
4249	It’s high stakes with five teams having lost their first three games of season 2024, and in desperate need of a win.
4250	It should be worth it…
4251	It shouldn’t have happened."
4252	It showed how the “strategic gap” – which keeps the boundary between Fareham and Stubbington separate – would remain as a green space in the plans.
4253	It shows you news or top stories from news publishers related to the query by U.S. state.
4254	“It’s important to keep in mind balance whilst incorporating versatile pieces to help optimise spatial flow and functionality,” notes Bugrein, “while preserving the cosy charm of the home.”
4255	It’s important to only wager what you can afford to lose so be realistic and honest about your finances.
4256	It's just more guys to put on the border to process more illegal aliens.
4257	"It's just so new, they're not all out there yet," Davis said.
4258	It’s just staying in go mode.
4259	It’s just unfortunate we were not able to come through with a big hit.”
4260	It’s less about the look and more about the “who cares” attitude.
4261	Its likely path is northwest through central and eastern North Carolina.
4262	It's likely teams won't use a draft pick on Richard, but he'll get a look in camp and projects as a practice squad player as a rookie.
4263	It’s likely that Uranus’ magnetosphere would have looked similar to the magnetic bubbles around the other giant planets in our solar system without any anomalies, the study authors said.
4264	It’s likely that you’ve seen a lot of verification badges.
4265	It's like when chimps are given mirrors.
4266	“It’s most likely going to make a lot of people not want to go to CEGEP, especially Indigenous students,” Mayo said.
4267	It’s my hope that we see that as a small success, and also my hope that we saw the week of mobilizations as a jumping off point for building the world we want to see.
4268	It’s never done in football.
4269	It’s no surprise to me, since she spends her days teaching the youngest in our community the building blocks of how to be kind people and good citizens.
4270	It's not a lot to ask for.
4271	It’s not binary, just because you don’t agree with the UCP’s direction does not mean you automatically support the opposition.
4272	“It’s not just a time to spend with family but to bring back the meaning of Thanksgiving, it’s about giving.
4273	It’s not just future generations that will be affected during some distant date in the future by rising temperatures.
4274	It’s not just Shein though, it’s also brands like Urban Planet, Forever 21 and H&M.
4275	“It’s not just that I’ve learned to control myself but that Usha has learned how to manage me.”
4276	“It’s not just to generate liquidity for the company itself so that it can expand and grow.
4277	It’s not unusual to see a queue before breakfast time.
4278	It’s now a built-in thing but thankfully, purely optional.
4279	It's now been 45 years since the year that brought Britain the 'Winter of Discontent', the election of Margaret Thatcher as the nation's first female Prime Minister - and the first Wetherspoon pub.
4280	“It’s obviously a green push again here — very political, I think, and unrealistic.”
4281	It’s often remarked that it looks like a beautiful chandelier, or a wedding cake.
4282	It’s one of several newcomers to the Belleville area that have made the eastern end of the city Paris’s most dynamic food and drink destination.
4283	It's one of the best services for speed, security, and streaming, with a wide range of advanced features that should help you access ChatGPT with ease.
4284	It's one of the most beloved PlayStation franchises around that fans miss quite a bit.
4285	It’s on the floor and it looks like he’s lost something and/or they’ve added something on to the outer edge of it.
4286	Its origins are quite simple in that a duck’s egg is oval, just like the figure ‘0’.
4287	It's particularly concerning that our research shows recent graduates are entering the workforce unprepared.
4288	It's pawpaw season in Kentucky.
4289	"It's pretty awesome, it's a bit of a confidence boost," she said.
4290	“It’s pretty grueling, to be sure,” Sanborn said.
4291	It’s probably best to keep your promises…
4292	It’s pure evilness in his eyes.”
4293	It's quite difficult," said Voloshyna, a 34-year-old lawyer, who headed underground when the sirens sounded.
4294	It’s rated as waterproof, shock-proof, temperature-proof, magnet-proof, and X-ray-proof — exactly what you need for data you can’t lose.
4295	It’s really just a sign that Jackson is a true fan of the show.
4296	It's 'remembering when' and reminiscing about the 'good old days', when tickets were only $15 and a beer was $2.
4297	Its sales tax rate is even considered higher than average.
4298	It’s scarce, it’s rare, it’s interesting, and it’s just timeless overall.
4299	Its significant recent rare earths results from a maiden sampling program at its Mata de Corda project in Brazil are certainly worth a thorough look.
4300	It’s so frustrating!
4301	'It's something I am still getting used to and adapting to and I don't think I will ever fully process it to be honest.
4302	It’s so vapidly erotic and yet so precious.
4303	It’s startling to age and hear yourself talking like this: “When I was young, a child could have a lonely adult bachelor as a friend!”
4304	“It’s still a few weeks until March”, he said, “so we’ll see.
4305	It startled her when the gun went off.
4306	Its taste is described as a combination of ‘fruit cake, digestive biscuits, honey and figs with a hint of chocolate’.
4307	It's the first specific space for queer people with disabilities she has encountered.
4308	It's the inverse of the pro-choice slogan "my body, my choice," popularized in protest of Republican efforts to ban abortion and regulate women's healthcare choices.
4309	“It’s the perfect festival for people who love music and like discovering stuff,” he added.
4310	"It's the principles within that structure that John implements, and every other coach is trying to find a winning formula.
4311	It's therefore not out of the question that GDP fell in December and over Q4 as a whole, leaving the economy in a technical recession at the close of 2023.”
4312	It’s the type of return that Sox General Manager Chris Getz sought but couldn’t get at the trade deadline last summer, when Crochet’s workload and postseason availability were questions.
4313	It’s the WWE Clash of Champions preview!
4314	It's time for his to stop ghosting a certain someone and introduce her to Batman.
4315	“It’s time for you guys… to take a backseat because we’re driving right now,” she said, addressing men in general.
4316	It’s time to join the cool kids club.
4317	It’s time to set clear guidelines for protests, to train our campus police to be firm, fair, and present, and to remember that our primary job is to educate and nurture our children.
4318	It stimulates blood flow to the hair follicles.
4319	It's totally normal to have election monitors at polling places.
4320	It's tough at times.
4321	It's turning out to be quite the rollercoaster.
4322	It’s unclear if any of the remaining 40+ Idaho locations will be affected.
4323	It’s unusual for a countryside planning application to get such public support – but an equestrian-based therapy centre for autistic children isn’t your everyday scheme.
4324	It supports Wi-Fi 7, though support for the 6GHz band is still missing.
4325	It’s up to one man to find out.
4326	It’s used to check that VCE external assessments and school-based assessments have been accurately and fairly assessed.
4327	It's usually a fun occasion to head to your friend's place for some grub.
4328	It's very much watchable, Catherine Zeta-Jones are good in the lead roles, and it offers a (just) fresh enough take on an old-school romantic comedy premise to be generally entertaining, if perhaps not quite as memorable as the Coens at their best.
4329	Its very sad therefore natural disasters should be taking even the little resources we.
4330	It's very special.
4331	Its warmth, dryness and strong winds can suppress tropical cyclone formation and keep storms from intensifying.
4332	“It’s what we have, and we have a good partner in LHM,” Petro said.
4333	It’s why we feel it’s the perfect time to delve into ML1 ahead of intriguing times on all sides of the club.
4334	It’s worrying that he won’t, when you’re trying to hold these kinds of powerful institutions to account – these companies are as powerful as lots of governments in many cases.”
4335	It's worth noting though HMRC will consider a customer’s reasons for not being able to meet the deadline.
4336	It then made its way past Sainsbury’s filling station, across Hunny Hill on an impressive viaduct, and ploughed through Sainsburys frozen vegetable aisle before leaving through the home-baking section.
4337	“It took us eight days to bury him because we had to wait in line because there were so many funerals in front of his,” said Jefferson, crisis outreach supervisor for Lummi Nation.
4338	It touches the hearts and minds of the Bhutanese and ensures the sovereignty and stability, peace and prosperity of Bhutan.
4339	It underpins our economy, our society, indeed our very existence.
4340	It usually takes up to several hours to complete the procedure.
4341	ITV X also offers an ever-changing host of exclusive themed channels in line with viewer preferences and popularity; these constantly evolving pop-up channels provide a scheduled experience through a streaming service."
4342	It was a brilliant move."
4343	“It was a dreadful moment for this country around the in terms of our reputation and our finances, you came out and backed her.
4344	It was a familar case of what might have been on Wednesday night as 's home troubles continued against a Middlesbrough side vying with the Tigers for a place in the top six.
4345	It was a flat tire!
4346	“It was a joy to talk with customers and hear how this new metro service is already changing the way they travel and, as a result, changing their lives.
4347	It was a large and elaborate vacation property, with guest cottages, stables and gardens.
4348	“It was a lot of expletives.
4349	It was an eerie pitch-black sky, the scene only illuminated only by a single flickering streetlight.
4350	“It was anyone’s game today,” said Cheverus first-year coach Andrea Musante.
4351	It was a plot twist that no one saw coming, a real-life crime drama that most amateur sleuths would dismiss as too far-fetched.
4352	It was a powerful run from the diminutive midfielder, he got a little luck as the ball came back off Lloyd Kelly but it was an excellent finish low into the corner.
4353	It was a pragmatic move, also driven by the fact that he hated China’s rival superpower, the U.S., for criticizing his war on drugs, among other reasons.
4354	It was April 18, not April 17. The article also misstated the position of the literary theorist and activist Edward Said on a two-state solution in the early 2000s.
4355	It was a roll of the dice that paid off — for now.
4356	It was as close as they’d come.
4357	It was a strange start to the Lady Spartan/Wildcat Invitational on Saturday at ’s Memorial Stadium.
4358	It was a strong hand from Coniston's goalkeeper Luke Genua, but he could do nothing to keep out the strike.
4359	It was a surreal moment, and I wish I could have told the younger me that everything was going to work out how it is supposed to.
4360	It was a year ago yesterday we covered a man who was hit and killed riding an electric scooter downtown.
4361	It was called by Gov. Gavin Newsom to pave the way for state control of gasoline storage at oil refineries.
4362	It was causing me a great deal of stress.
4363	It was clear that it was at this point that you, in drink, had lost your temper with your son, as you had earlier with your partner, and struck out at him.
4364	It was created to pay homage to the classic Alpine A220 that competed at Le Mans, and was reportedly inspired by its commissioner's desire for design creativity in a world of increasingly homogenized electric cars.
4365	It was developed by the Wayan brothers—Keenen Ivory, Shawn, and Marlon.
4366	It was felt at Intensity 5 in Hinatuan and Intensity 4 in Bislig City.
4367	It was founded by the late Frank Lloyd and Harry Fischer in 1946, who turned it into one of the world’s most important galleries.
4368	It was hard not to see this weekend — where the No. 20 Utes would play No. 6 USC and No. 5 UCLA — as a referendum on the season.
4369	It was his pursuit of toppling Djokovic at the top of the rankings in 2016 which was a precursor to his 2017 hip injury which derailed Murray’s career.
4370	It was later overwhelmed by the blaze despite feverish efforts by rescue crews to control the fire.
4371	It was lunchtime, so Squibb and Sweeney ventured out to a local Japanese restaurant to meet with Zoë Worth, a ponytailed producer in her thirties.
4372	It was mainly about keeping herself safe due to the risks linked to the 'twisties.'
4373	It was my son, not me, the deal was his, not mine, but we got to talking and sure enough, he runs a family office, likes angel investing in AI deals, and surprise we just happen to have one in your size.
4374	It was never really a goer, according to SNP sources.
4375	It was noted by FSIS Inspectors that the soy and wheat were not included on the finished product's label.
4376	It was not immediately clear if the victim knew the shooter.
4377	It wasn’t a question of “if,” but “when” and by “how much.”
4378	It was only one of the AD Governors, Bola Ahmed Tinubu of Lagos State, who saw through the game of the foxy old General.
4379	“It was on the injury report dealing with the ankle,” Sirianni said.
4380	It was primarily used for Ground attack (bombing, strafing), and anti-ship.
4381	“It was really just having these regular, accountable conversations,” Lewis-Timmons says.
4382	It was recently announced that Bob Geldof, Midge Ure, and Trevor Horn are releasing a brand new version of “Do They Know It’s Christmas?” to mark 40 years of Band Aid, the charity supergroup that was first created in 1984.
4383	It was the emergency management minister for host country Azerbaijan.
4384	It was the first event of its kind for the committee as people gathered at Alloa Town Hall.
4385	It was the franchise's "Welcome to the neighborhood" moment.
4386	It was the original free-to-play model that has overtaken the FPS industry, giving players just a taste of a game to persuade them to pay for the full experience.
4387	It was the rabid fan bases he thought might give him more grief, but so far that relationship has been solid.
4388	"It was the right balance."
4389	It was while working in pub theatre in Norma Jean: The Musical, playing Marilyn Monroe, she was spotted by the producers of Thoroughly Modern Millie and cast in the lead.
4390	It went 0 for 4 on power plays.
4391	It will also be sold via Acer Exclusive Stores and other retail outlets in the country, according to the company.
4392	It will be interesting to see how the NFL world welcomes Jon Gruden and his YouTube channel.
4393	It will be issued in a set of 20.
4394	It will ensure that the products in the market are legitimate and comply with tax regulations.
4395	'It will maybe even give you an extra boost to do that and make the last bit of the manager's time at the club the best time he's ever had.
4396	“It will take me and you … as a non-Palestinian, it will take you five minutes.”
4397	It will then take eleven months for the school to build, though opposition councillors said they were “keen to get it in the ground and going”.
4398	It won awards in Mexico, Spain and France, has been translated into 21 languages and is being adapted for the screen, with production and direction by the Oscar-winning Argentine filmmaker Armando Bó.
4399	It won’t contractually lock you in. Not for three years, or two.
4400	It would be better for Australia and the states and territories to adopt the one, overall voting system, such as the preferential voting model, to maintain a fairer representation of the people and save confusion amongst the electorates.
4401	“It would be highly improper for me to involve myself in that, besides I don’t have the time to do it, so I leave it to the lawyers.”
4402	It would help transform the Middle East into a global juggernaut.
4403	It would suck to be sent home tonight because of Sydney," Maria lamented in a confessional.
4404	It would take 27 years for Adam’s case to finally close.
4405	“I understand why they’re doing it because people are blocking the road up dropping people off at the station – I haven’t got an issue with that.
4406	I used to collect classic videogame carts - primarily for the Atari.
4407	I use it daily for music and checking the weather (very high-tech, I know).
4408	I’ve always loved decorating our home at Christmas.
4409	"I've been told that the village has never seen anything like it before," said the former churchwarden who has lived in the village for nine years.
4410	I've both posted the image before and made that comment about someone else's post of the image.
4411	I’ve come to think of this argument, which you hear a lot as the stability for thee but not for me argument.
4412	I've even managed to lure to Pelican Town for a few weekends of hoedowns and harvests.
4413	“I’ve got no doubt about his football talent,” Stuart said.
4414	I've got to get out of my car!
4415	I’ve heard a lot of stories about Ryan, too, so I wasn’t really surprised.
4416	I’ve learned through bitter experience not to talk too much about shows that are in the future.
4417	“I’ve looked into it.
4418	“I’ve lost a lot of money, which took me a while to save up.”
4419	I’ve made picture frames and gates and repaired trees and trimmed my hedges.
4420	“I’ve never been tested in this field and it’s the best of the best,” the 21-year-old said.
4421	I’ve never felt better.
4422	“I’ve sadly gotten used to it.”
4423	I’ve seen how something as small as a message of encouragement can significantly impact nurses of all levels, particularly those struggling as they enter the field.
4424	I’ve seen that some of them have no sense of caution, honor and dignity.
4425	I've tried hundreds of cleansers over the years because I used to suffer from quite bad skin, but ever since I've been using this product – and it's the only product I've used for about five years now – it's the only one that doesn't make me break out."
4426	I’ve tried using it on its own, mixing it with serum and mixing it with moisturiser – all work well so use it how you wish!
4427	I wanted our life to be a life in front of the camera, apart from the small talk of sitting around waiting to work, of which, even then, there was very little.
4428	I wanted them to breed so I could do a project on color genetics.
4429	‘I wanted to help other people.’
4430	I want them to be curious," she said.
4431	“I want the players to not mind when they see me,” said Eubanks, who enjoyed a dream run to the Wimbledon quarter-finals last year.
4432	“I want these girls to stay in sport.
4433	“I want to be able to go to the doctor and afford it, I want to be able to own a home, I want to be able to have a car, I want to have a job I enjoy.
4434	“ I want to inform President Bola Tinubu, because he is our leader, that the men sent to conduct this election are not following the guidelines,” he said.
4435	“I want to show people my age in my community that they can do anything — even show off cows, and make some money while doing it.”
4436	I want to sing confidently along with Mary that God is with us, even when it doesn’t feel like it; even when the noise of the world clamors that He’s not.
4437	I was almost nine years old when Tim Burton's first "Batman" film was released and almost 12 when "Batman Returns" came out.
4438	“I was - and remain - humiliated, embarrassed, powerless, and angry," Davis wrote.
4439	“I was ever appreciative of her guest house, but I was pleased not to do it again the next winter.”
4440	I was fully in love with her.
4441	‘I was fuming on the bench of course.
4442	"I was helping Buddy with his heavy guitars, and he introduced me to Loren.
4443	I was immediately smitten.
4444	I was left thinking, ‘Wow, he’s so handsome.'
4445	“I was levelheaded almost the whole time.
4446	I was looking at every local election that was out there, talking to people.
4447	I was moved by the mother and daughter duo dancing in perfect harmony; it left a lasting impression on me.
4448	“I was never a real spy,” Khalife told the jury earlier this month.
4449	I was on the way to my trailer saying to myself, Well, I didn’t fuck up too much.
4450	I was pleased to see everyone smiling during the dinner despite the solemn atmosphere.”
4451	'I was quite taken aback by how controlled he was in front of his own children and family – it was quite humbling to see somebody who was capable of being as composed as he was at that time.'
4452	I was quite upset as you can imagine."
4453	I was really struggling but my faith kept me going.
4454	I was sent to cover her first council meeting on a mission to ask her for her views.
4455	I was the crazy chicken woman.
4456	I was the first grandchild that ever got to eat in her living room.
4457	I was there when he thought he'd failed his entry into the ambulance.
4458	“I was thinking recently that the amount of haggis that I made in a year was phenomenal.
4459	'I was trying to do my laces.
4460	“I watched his games and Dante was a good player.
4461	I went on a comedy stage to develop my own method of acting.
4462	“I went to perform at Anant Ambani’s wedding.
4463	"I went to Vicky McClure's Sheffield day rave for middle-aged party animals - I met an 80th birthday party"
4464	I will continue to fight for our citizens’ privacy and data security.”
4465	I will soon bring the 2024 supplementary Appropriation Bill.
4466	“I will tell all of the marvelous things You have done.”
4467	I will try my best to come up to the expectations of the people of Malda Dakshin and Uttar Murshidabad.
4468	“I wish Sheriff-Elect Sheridan the very best.”
4469	I wish there was some way they could just consider this an "alternate future."
4470	I wish they were playing a smaller venue, with so many other options in the area.
4471	I wonder if the Vince story forced any rewrites?
4472	“I would also like to thank our schools for their dedication and support for the pupils and acknowledged the achievements of the students who have overcome difficulties and shown commitment to their learning.
4473	I would have agreed to anything just to keep him with me.
4474	I would imagine the same could be said for former Alabama Coach Nick Saban.
4475	I would like to commend the officer in the case, PC Mark Edwards in his efforts for bringing this case to court and also thank the National Wildlife Crime Unit and the RSCPA for their guidance and support throughout this investigation.
4476	“I would like to tell the TDP and JDU that you should make your own Speaker, otherwise there is no guarantee as to how many MPs of your party will break away and join him,” Singh added.
4477	"I would never want to box someone in and say, 'If you want love, then you can't work.'
4478	"I wouldn't be here without you, and I f**king know that.
4479	“I wouldn’t be surprised if close to half have been in our system” said Supervisor Kathryn Barger, adding that she recently met with DCFS Director Brandon Nichols about the possibility of master-leasing units for foster teens.
4480	I wouldn't recommend it," she says, laughing.
4481	“I wouldn’t say we’re too far; it isn’t going to be right now,” Getz said recently about a spending timeline.
4482	"I wouldn't trade the last few years here in Orange for anything, I've loved it," Mr Kuil-Hartikainen said.
4483	“I would urge anyone with information regarding Tara’s whereabouts, or who has seen a woman matching the description given, to please contact us.
4484	Jack Flaherty is through five scoreless frames in his pic.
4485	Jackson Blanchard (Castle View), TE, sr.: Armed with size (6-foot-4, 225 pounds), speed (4.64-second 40) and sure hands (27 receptions, 376 yards, 6 TDs), Blanchard is straight off the FBS tight end assembly line.
4486	Jacob Murphy’s fine run ended in a shout for handball but otherwise the home side barely threatened to hit back until stoppage-time.
4487	Jacobs’ family has also released a video to prove that the actor is alive.
4488	Jade Eaton, 33, was allocated the house by her local council in 2019 but claims that it was in no state to be lived in even then.
4489	Jae knows how to make that work.
4490	Jaffer also echoed that, saying young people are “soul searching and questioning” whether the Democratic Party represents them.
4491	Jake Tapper probably hits her up at least once a week for coaching on how he can become a better fluffer for the Democratic National Committee.
4492	Jamaicans who travel to the United States’ southern border in attempts to secure asylum in the North American country may face immediate rejection amid a new immigration policy announced by the Biden administration.
4493	Jamal Hanieh, editor, Amwaj Sports Media Network, killed in a bombing on Nov. 21.
4494	James argued that without a full bond, Trump could attempt to avoid paying the fine if his appeal fails.
4495	James Curtis Burrows was told that he subjected the victim to a frightening experience last year.
4496	James the Just, is traditionally believed to be the author of the Book of James.
4497	Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind president Maulana Arshad Madani claimed the Muslim side was not given a chance to present its case before the court “we wanted to which is very disappointing”.
4498	Jamie Bourne and Jeremiah Seecharran added single goals and an own goal rounded out the tally.
4499	Jane says the new protections couldn't come sooner, especially for "vulnerable workers who are sometimes at the mercy of their workplaces".
4500	Jane Street Group LLC lifted its stake in Dimensional Short-Duration Fixed Income ETF by 67.4% in the first quarter.
4501	Janine Merryweather was diagnosed with the rare condition Addison's disease - which affects just 9,000 people in the UK - in 2013, around eight years after first experiencing symptoms.
4502	Janney Montgomery Scott LLC boosted its holdings in Hillenbrand by 29.7% in the fourth quarter.
4503	Jan urges anyone who could help with this to kindly get in touch with Spencer House.
4504	Jason Kirschberg, representing Opdyke, said: “Daniel has accepted responsibility for his actions, and his failures to act. … He has admitted he was wrong and feels deep remorse for the pain he caused the victims.”
4505	Jay Slater's mum issues devastating statement about beloved son who had 'whole life ahead of him' 'Words cannot describe the pain and agony we are experiencing.
4506	Jealousy is such a difficult emotion – and it can be all-consuming.
4507	Jefferies Financial Group started coverage on shares of WNS in a report on Tuesday, September 19th.
4508	Jefferies Financial Group upgraded shares of West Pharmaceutical Services from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $323.00 to $536.00 in a report on Wednesday, February 7th.
4509	Jeff Goodell, an author and contributing editor at Rolling Stone, where he covers climate change, explained the fundamental problem.
4510	Jelly Roll couldn’t help but get emotional when he finished the 5k.
4511	Jennie Kim departs The Mark Hotel prior to attending The Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Costume Institute benefit gala celebrating the opening of “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion” on Monday, May 6, 2024, in New York.
4512	Jennifer, on the other hand, is still receiving treatment at the hospital as of this writing.
4513	Jessica Connolly, a 10-year-old student at Our Lady of the Missions Primary in Thornliebank, was overjoyed to learn that she was one of just 20 kids selected to compete in the glamorous event.
4514	Jessica Donati contributed reporting from Dakar, Senegal.
4515	Jessica Kitchin, 28, has lived in Sulgrave her whole life.
4516	JFK had a legendary love life.
4517	Jill also spoke of rising public opinion that workers are being used as “political pawns” by Northern Ireland Secretary of State, Chris Heaton-Harris.
4518	Jim Harbaugh brings a 44-19 NFL coaching record to his new job with the Chargers.
4519	Jim is one of the best coaches of this generation, no question.
4520	Jimmy's inquest heard he was in an unsafe position too far down the sling, and after five minutes he had collapsed.
4521	Jim Nantz covered the Farmers Insurance Open remotely last weekend as he prepared to rush off to Vegas to cover another Super Bowl.
4522	Jim Third, who was appointed as a citizen-at-large in February 2023, has not attended a meeting in eight months but the commission continued to excuse him.
4523	JJ made sure to visit with a bouquet of flowers for his doting mother.
4524	J-Mac’s inaccurate shooting is the biggest blemish on his resume.
4525	JMP Securities raised their target price on Genius Sports from $8.00 to $9.00 and gave the company a “market outperform” rating in a report on Thursday, May 9th.
4526	Joan said to Mark that she really wants to be part of a couple again because it's more fun with someone and she sees herself in that situation in five years.
4527	Joe and Jess Thwaite, also won the record-breaking £184,262,899 jackpot with a Lucky Dip ticket on May 10, 2022.
4528	Joe explained, “We want this to be a personal business” with strong connections to the community.
4529	Joe Locke (“) shines strong, giving a tender meaningful performance as Tobias, once again surprising us all with his musical ability and tenderly crafted performance.
4530	Joe Ross (3.2 IP, 2 H, 0 R, 1 BB, 3 K) made his first rehab appearance with Nashville and second in total.
4531	John, 41, showed his support in a comment that read: 'Thank you for fighting so hard to be here for us.
4532	John Carpenter was only just entering USC in 1969, and had only made one short called "Captain Voyeur."
4533	John Christensen PENN YAN – Milly’s Pantry is excited to announce that after many years of planning, working, and fundraising, Phase 1 construction on their…
4534	John Falzon, managing director, Keen.
4535	John Harris: “The job of a news organization, and especially Washington-based ones, is to cover the schema of power.
4536	John Pryde, who owns The G:Room, worked with client Alan McNeill, a consultant urologist and Prostate Trustee, to create a fundraising campaign they hope excites Tartan Army and football fans across Scotland.
4537	Johnson beat Vallas 52%-48% after the two men advanced to the head-to-head election.
4538	Johnson had his first interception against the Browns, returning it for a touchdown.
4539	Johnson has privately and publicly insisted this has nothing to do with race.
4540	Joining them on the night will be the Barry Male Voice Choir, from Barry in South Wales, as well as guest soloists and an eight-piece band.
4541	Joining the orchestra will be Cuba superstar Yusa and Lowcountry favorite Gino Castillo.
4542	Joint tenancy is more common between married couples and long-term partners but can also work for other co-buyers.
4543	Jolie's appearance coincides with her promotion of her most recent movie, Maria, a biopic about opera singer Maria Callas that is already creating Oscar talk.
4544	Jonathan Greenard has an AAV of $19 million and all the other starters are $10 million or under.
4545	Jones told the BBC it had put in place new rules to make sure spending on public services was paid for by tax receipts "not borrowing every single month".
4546	Jordene Trueh, owner of Backriver Blends, said the Maine Black Chamber of Commerce helped her win a $25,000 grant that she’s using to develop an online shop and hire a consultant to assist with a marketing plan and business strategy.
4547	Joshua Zirkzee was spotted goading City supporters after the final whistle, who responded in kind with some X-rated gestures.
4548	JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price target on shares of Alcoa from $36.00 to $39.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday.
4549	JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price target on Digital Realty Trust from $175.00 to $180.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday.
4550	Judge Jayne said Ryan's version was “beautiful”, adding: “I loved all the little moments from the original routine, it was seamless, well done.”
4551	Judge Jeong Yeon-ju said there was enough evidence — including diary entries written by the accuser and records of sexual violence counselling she received in 2018 — to support the woman’s allegations.
4552	Judging is at 3 p.m. on Arthur Ave. All dogs must be on a leash and accompanied by an adult.
4553	Jugo usually uses this ability to converse with birds and ask them to fly, do some recon, and report back to him.
4554	Jujutsu Kaisen 0 and Jujutsu Kaisen Season 1 is coming to Netflix in 2024 pic.
4555	Julius Randle claimed he reinjured that shoulder in contact activities five weeks ago.
4556	July 30, 2024 at 5:03 p.m.
4557	July 8: Institute of Community Services.
4558	June 15, (THEWILL) – Argentina’s talisman, Lionel Messi, was in scintillating form, scoring twice to propel the defending Copa America champions to a 4-1 victory over Guatemala in their final warm-up match on Thursday.
4559	Jurors reached their verdict Monday in the trial of Ahmad Alissa.
4560	Jurors were told that Shawn Seesahai, 19, had offered no violence and done nothing to offend either of the boys, but was hit so hard on the skull that a piece of bone came away.
4561	Jury deliberations are expected to begin on Thursday following eight weeks of trial proceedings.
4562	Just after 11:30 p.m. April 25 a Beaumont police officer stopped a vehicle for an expired registration in the 3400 block of Eastex Freeway.
4563	Just as a turnpike asks the drivers who use it to pay tolls, a government can charge those who most use its services.
4564	Just as Britain was in the Second World War, the United States today is a great power in relative decline.
4565	Just as South Africa, which had to wage a protracted battle to defeat the apartheid regime, could feel the pain of Palestine, it should have been possible for India to do so too.
4566	Just below the surface of the presidential election lies a politically deadly force that could pick the winner despite the will of the people.
4567	Just different spelling based on language.
4568	Just Eat expects to post 2023 adjusted core earnings of around €320m when it reports full annual results on February 28, above its mid-October outlook of about €310m.
4569	Just How Safe Is Lowe's Stock's Dividend?
4570	Justice continued, adding that because the hairdresser worked from home that there was no commute involved and she had to arrive with her hair washed and blowdried.
4571	Justice Minister Yariv Levin expressed displeasure with the court for its “seizure” of his authority.
4572	Just last month, someone told us they are facing a 72-week wait for heart surgery, which would have been unthinkable just a few years ago.
4573	Just like an electric keyboard, the game allows you to change the instrument being played, varying between different pianos and guitars.
4574	Just make sure the lamp is installed at a safe distance from water sources.
4575	Just six years later, Vonder Haar founded Georgetown’s SDA chapter.
4576	Just three weeks following the 19-year-old Brit's disappearance, in Tenerife have confirmed that human remains were located in the Masca region.
4577	“Just to give it a change.
4578	Just turn up and let the leader know you saw this article.
4579	KAISERSLAUTERN, Germany – Are you and your vehicle ready for winter weather?
4580	Kamara has averaged nine fantasy points (accumulating 27 total) over his past three games.
4581	Kamehameha cut the lead to four before ‘Iolani went on a 9-0 run.
4582	Kamwa could come into the mix for those fixtures, with Michael Spellman the leading candidate to take his place against the Magpies.
4583	Kane has already confirmed his move while it has been reported that Caroline is under contract with Nine until December.
4584	Kane then got upset when talking about Erick Rowan joining John Cena’s flock.
4585	Kansas City claimed a pair of veteran outfielders off waivers on Saturday in Robbie Grossman, 35, and Tommy Pham, 36. Grossman was claimed from Texas, where he won the World Series last year, while Pham was claimed from St. Louis.
4586	Kapil Sibal slams EC for not sending notice to PM Modi, calls it ‘helpless puppet’
4587	Kate Malloy, an Air Pollution Control Division spokeswoman, said the agency has requested more information about the malfunctions and asked for status updates from the refinery.
4588	Kate will be sadly missed by everyone who had the pleasure of meeting her."
4589	Kathleen S. Wright Associates Inc. Has $1.38 Million Stake in Alphabet Inc.
4590	KATHMANDU, Nov 17: Nepal and India during an annual meeting agreed to better coordinate on border security and reviewed the work done in the past year in managing related challenges, an official said.
4591	Katie showcased this passion in numerous ways whilst studying at college.
4592	Ka‘ū High and Pāhala Elementary School and Nā‘ālehu Elementary School will resume normal operations today.
4593	Kayla's death is the ninth life lost on South Australian roads already this year.
4594	KBF is not to be trusted………
4595	Keefe, Bruyette & Woods lifted their price target on MetLife from $82.00 to $87.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 10th.
4596	Keep her in the basement of the way they did Biden, no interviews, no impromptu rallies, nothing except scripted and then rely on 70 percent of the people in these swing states not voting on election day.
4597	Keeping the faith is imperative.
4598	Keeping up-to-date with industry advancements enables individuals to create successful long-range plans that match the changing landscape of the market.
4599	Keeping your distance helps you gain space for a better perspective of the road.
4600	KEIR Starmer is alleged to have broken parliamentary rules by failing to declare donations of clothing for his wife Victoria Starmer.
4601	Kelly shared a photo that Paula Wallace, the President of SCAD, took on her Instagram Story.
4602	Kelly’s love for Melissa was unconditional – despite her naughty behaviour as she forgave every piece of chewed clothing.
4603	Ken Bremner, chief executive of the Sunderland and South Tyneside NHS Trust, has moved to reassure international staff that the trouble is not a true reflection of the people of the city.
4604	Kennedy said he would stay on the ballot in most red and blue states.
4605	Kenny captures a graduate celebrating his success on stage.
4606	Kentucky had the highest rate at 20.7 prescriptions dispensed per 1,000 people, followed by West Virginia (18.9), Alaska (17.5), Mississippi (16.1) and Louisiana (15.4).
4607	Kentucky Representative Morgan McGarvey said: “There is no joy in the recognition he should not be our nominee in November.
4608	Kerry Katona claims Phillip Schofield is 'obsessed with fame' and reveals she turned off his new show within 'SECONDS'
4609	Kerry Kennedy, his sister, said his endorsement of Trump was a "betrayal of the values that our father and our family hold most dear.
4610	Kevin Hollinrake has criticised Royal Mail for failing to deliver votes in time for the General Election.
4611	Key objectives of the bill include improving collaboration between academia and the industry, raising professional standards to meet international best practices, and creating a platform for networking among professionals.
4612	Key stockpiles are now depleted and will take years to replace.
4613	Kharge accused the BJP of distorting issues and dividing people.
4614	Kharlukhi demands probe into MPSC ‘irregularities’
4615	Khedkar is accused of misusing power and privileges, by demanding perks and facilities she was not entitled for, during her training in Pune District Collectorate in Maharashtra recently.
4616	Khloe acknowledged that Kendall has responsibilities, but she's not bound by the same constraints as a mother of two.
4617	Kids are desperate for news on how they are doing.
4618	Kihara told Umerov that Russia's "outrageous act is utterly unacceptable" and vowed Japan will cooperate with the international community in assisting Ukraine with "a strong sense of crisis" as what happened there could also occur in East Asia.
4619	KILT Protocol (KILT) traded 2.1% lower against the dollar and now trades at $0.24 or 0.00000353 BTC.
4620	Kim Leadbeater's bill will change the law to make this legal in certain circumstances.
4621	Kimpton Shinjuku Tokyo offers a curated dining experience to suit your preferred atmosphere.
4622	Kim visited the ‘five-star’ ski resort in the Masik Pass region, which features a hotel, ski service and rental shops, when it opened in 2013.
4623	King Charles has not seen while he has been in London.
4624	King Charles is set to outline the plans of the new Labour government in his King’s Speech this morning.
4625	King creamed Mansoor and the judges on a running crossbody.
4626	King got the final two outs of his night on three pitches.
4627	King says the public needs to understand that the general age of consent is 16 in Canada, and a person's gender doesn't change that.
4628	King's daughter sells art pledging: 'Will trade racists for refugees'
4629	Kinzie Molle had five service points with 1 ace.
4630	Kirby and the American ambassador to the U.N. said the U.S. abstained because the resolution did not condemn Hamas.
4631	Knockavalley is a well presented detached house that has been excellently maintained and is an ideal home, perfectly positioned to take full advantage of its scenic surroundings to the front and rear of the property.
4632	Knowing that I would be the first one to speak, Judge Webster directed me to sit in the chair on the far right.
4633	Knowing Wyoming, they will blow past that mark.
4634	Known as NGC 6684, this galaxy in the constellation of Pavo, which can be seen from the Southern Hemisphere.
4635	Known as number one on the Lib Dems’ target list, Ed Davey’s is looking to take this constituency back having once been a Lib Dem stronghold for 22 years.
4636	Kobus Peens, Chief Operating Officer, Inviso Group (Groupe SMTP).
4637	Kong said the continued water wastage not only represented a significant loss in terms of non-revenue water but also a disservice to the residents affected by the issue.
4638	Konstantin also commented on Maggie’s red hair and wondered if she was Irish, but Maggie didn’t know and suggested maybe a DNA test could help with that.
4639	Konstas said he would also take a lot of confidence from his century against India for the Prime Minister’s XI, when India’s slips were caught laughing at his shots.
4640	Kopites only have to look at what happened at when Sir Alex Ferguson finally retired.
4641	KOR with a guillotine choke on Strong, Mark with underhooks, Konosuke in, elbow, running knee connects!
4642	Kristersson also said in his speech that Sweden will spend another 27 billion Swedish kronor on defence this year to meet the NATO target of spending two per cent of GDP on defence.
4643	Krivokapic, the virtuoso, is the winner of 19 international classical guitar competitions and is known to create his own transcriptions, collaborating with composers while developing repertoire for the guitar.
4644	KTR urged them to conduct a thorough inquiry into contracts awarded by the Congress government for works under the AMRUT (Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation) scheme.
4645	Kudlow said, “Alex, it may seem ironic that Mr. Trump is a guy defending democracy.
4646	Kudluk currently runs a soapstone carving shop in Kuujjuaq and intends to compete in local art competitions.
4647	Kuhl has not viewed all the account’s posts and can’t comment on their faithfulness to the Bible.
4648	Kushner added people calling for a ceasefire are “wrong,” noting that Israel “cannot afford now to not finish the job” they’ve started.
4649	Kyle Flanagan, pictured training in Wollongong, is one three newcomers named to make their St George Illawarra debuts against Gold Coast Titans this Saturday night.
4650	Kyle spent Thanksgiving in the hospital.
4651	Labelling Shivakumar as ‘CD Shivu’, Kumaraswamy alleged that the Congress leader was targeting his family because he had exposed several illegalities committed by him.
4652	Labor did not move on surcharges in isolation.
4653	Labour activists say the cut is being raised on the doorsteps and was partly to blame for local by-election defeats in Edinburgh and Dundee.
4654	Labour Minister Steven MacKinnon directed the Canada Industrial Relations Board to order the 55,000 picketing employees back to work within days if the tribunal determines a deal isn’t doable before the end of the year.
4655	Labour received 33.7% of the vote yet obtained 63.2% (411 seats) of the 650 on offer, making it the most disproportionate on record.
4656	Lachey has been a mainstay on Buckeyes’ radio broadcasts since 1997, calling each of the last 357 games for the Buckeyes leading up to Saturday’s game.
4657	La Croisette is one of the most famous streets there which runs along the stunning southern French coastline overlooking the harbour between swaying palm trees.
4658	Ladybug Latte is approximately 12 minutes from campus.
4659	Lady Gaga 'forced to push back her global tour due to fellow major artists booking up all the arenas'
4660	Lafayette Mayor-President Monique B. Boulet has unveiled a comprehensive report detailing the progress and challenges of her first 100 days in office, marked by ambitious efforts to reshape Lafayette's future.
4661	Lai’s candidacy was pitted against Hou Yu-ih of the Kuomintang (KMT) and Ko Wen-je of the Taiwan People’s Party (TPP).
4662	Lake Albert's chase wasn't without a few nervous moments, with Robertson top scoring with 33 while Hampton made 28.
4663	Lakepoint Golf and Country Club sees the substantial increase in club memberships as the potential for more residents to discover the game of golf at the course in Charlie Lake.
4664	Lakewood School District Superintendent Erin Murphy rings the doorbell at secure front entrance at Lakewood Elementary School on Tuesday, March 19, 2024, in Marysville, Washington.
4665	Lamar also addresses Drake’s parents, and “a baby girl,” alleging that Drake has a secret daughter.
4666	Lanarkshire gran Beth McGowan, 62, became a carer after looking after husband Stevie who was diagnosed with MS when he was just 42 years old.
4667	Lancashire Cricket is deeply saddened to learn of the passing of recent former President, Sir Howard Bernstein, aged 71.
4668	Lancashire Police said the VW Polo mobility car, which was taken from Blackburn's New Chapel Street between 26 March and 2 April, was spotted in Fred Pickering Place on Tuesday.
4669	Landlords can use the Section 21 notice after a fixed term tenancy ends, where there's a written contract, or during a tenancy with no fixed end date - also known as 'periodic' tenancy.
4670	Lang has been in jail since he was arrested by federal agents in his apartment days after the Jan.
4671	Large levels of asbestos found in a church hall have forced it to close and the future of the venue remains uncertain.
4672	Largest US bank says analyst consensus on profits from lending is ‘not very reasonable’
4673	Larry Snelling spoke a truth this week that a 16-year-old had been arrested and charged as an adult in the murder of West Side community pillar Larry Neuman.
4674	Laser weapons could have become prolific on battlefields, but in 1995, the Geneva Convention's Blinding Laser Weaponry Protocol ended their potential reign of terror before it could begin.
4675	Last but certainly not least is the Top Gun Award, which Geelen said is given to the officer with the greatest combined score in the department’s annual qualification assessments, highlighting exceptional firearm skills.
4676	Last February 22, Fajardo said that PNP “is ready” and just waiting for the official request from the legislative chamber.
4677	Last Friday and Saturday evening, the teams joined forces with officers from the Roads Policing Unit, Safer Roads Unit and police drone operators to crack down on this type of behaviour.
4678	“Lastly, the news item also misreports that Punjab fell short of its surplus target of Rs150 billion at the end of 1st quarter.
4679	Last May, Fambrough took a tour of Motown’s Studio A in Detroit as part of a ceremony that included the donation to the Motown Museum of 375 outfits worn by the group during performances.
4680	Last month, his lawyers filed his certificate for candidacy for senator in next year’s midterm elections.
4681	Last month’s 2-1 win against bitter rivals Black Stars of Ghana in Marrakech, Morocco, was not enough to prevent the Eagles from dropping.
4682	Last month, the policymaking Monetary Board (MB) chaired by BSP Governor Eli Remolona Jr. cut the benchmark rate, which banks typically use as a guide when charging interest on loans, by a quarter point to 6 percent.
4683	Last month, Volkswagen announced that it would invest up to $5 billion into Rivian with plans to form a JV with the company based on software-defined vehicle () platforms.
4684	Last November, Sue announced she had become the patron for Prevent Breast Cancer, and has shared photos on her of herself undergoing a mammogram whilst encouraging others to check their breasts.
4685	Last October 22, the city council approved a resolution recognizing UDDRA’s position.
4686	Last October, a whole series of false bomb threats were made at EuroAirport.
4687	Last season wasn't much better either, the show had a safari guide, two sweet shop owners and a theatre school owner doing tasks for Sir Alan in the hope of an investment in their business.
4688	Last week, AAP announced three candidates for Assam.
4689	Last week, Defense Minister Khawaja Asif said the source of terrorism in Pakistan is in Afghanistan.
4690	Last week, Google unveiled its biggest change to search in years, showcasing new artificial intelligence capabilities that answer people’s questions in the company’s attempt to catch up to rivals Microsoft and OpenAI.
4691	Last week, Noem told state legislators she was sending razor wire and security personnel to Texas, while making a public stand with Gov. Greg Abbott, who decided to install razor wire at the U.S./Mexico border without federal approval.
4692	Last week, the southern Fujian and Guangxi provinces experienced landslides and flooding amid heavy rain.
4693	Last week, Truex announced his plans to retire from full-time racing at the end of the season.
4694	Last week, two of the more than a hundred employees of the Lapu-Lapu City Hospital tested positive for illegal drugs use during a surprise drug test.
4695	Last year, a total of 120 containers arrived, containing about 59,400 trees.
4696	Last year, he suffered through an injury-plagued season.
4697	Last year, New Jersey issued tax rebates to more than 800,000 residents under a new program aimed at blunting the impact of skyrocketing local property taxes.
4698	Last year the alliance signed off on its most comprehensive defence plans since the end of the Cold War, aimed at stopping any potential attack by Moscow.
4699	Last year, the network did something similar with a themed broadcast.
4700	Last year the trustees indicated that Cal State spends $1.5 billion less than it should to adequately educate its students — a figure that predated the austerity measures that may be on the horizon.
4701	Late in 2023, council chiefs said road closures would begin “probably” in February.
4702	Late into the night on Nov. 28, the Australian Senate passed a “world first” law that bans under 16-year-old children from accessing social…
4703	Late last year, Ofgem called for views on standing charges, which prompted more than 20,000 people to respond.
4704	Late Night with Seth Meyers launched on February 24, 2014.
4705	Later, Ian tries to apologise to Cindy for Kathy’s earlier rudeness but she makes it clear he’s not a priority to her.
4706	Later in the inning, Hall would hit a line-drive single, bringing in Harrell for Opp’s tenth run of the game.
4707	Later, I was a State Department correspondent, and now I cover international diplomacy, with occasional overseas reporting thrown in. (Which explains why this tale was penned in Ukraine.
4708	Later, she worked more in pastel and paint.
4709	Later that year, their dream became reality and Philip Mercer and Elizabeth Marshall became the first couple to be wed in the tavern.
4710	Latitude Advisors LLC lifted its position in shares of M&T Bank by 4.0% during the 2nd quarter.
4711	Launched in 2006, Amazon Prime Video, or Prime Video has accumulated over 200 million subscribers over the years.
4712	Lawson would not comment about Hodgkin’s job performance and referred back to the superintendent evaluation, which is confidential as a personnel record.
4713	Leamington Police and the British Transport Police have teamed up for the crime-busting initiative.
4714	Leerink Partnrs lowered CVS Health from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 1st.
4715	Leeton's Jim Gordon (publishing under Jim Grahame) was known in his day as "Australia's greatest living poet".
4716	LeFevere visits sites like Pinterest to find styles or decor she likes and saves the images to a Google doc.
4717	Legislation being considered in both Chambers of Congress in Washington, D.C., would end Permanent Normal Trade Relations– or PNTR– with China and sharply boost tariffs on Chinese goods.
4718	Leigh Day argued that that case should also apply to its clients.
4719	Leigh Gill will also return for the sequel as Gary, one of Fleck’s clown colleagues, as well as his social worker, played by Sharon Washington.
4720	Leona Mani, now Mrs Lumsden, is an interior designer and holds a directorship and trustee position at Winchester Basics Bank.
4721	Le Pen, who will likely be the party's candidate for the 2027 presidential election, said however that Sunday's ballot, in which the RN made major gains compared with previous elections, had sown the seeds for the future.
4722	Less than three months after my first surgery, I danced with my 11-year-old daughter at a Ukrainian celebration (my family is from the Lutsk area, in northwestern Ukraine), which is something I could never have done before.
4723	Less than two weeks later, though, NASA officials acknowledged they were now considering scenarios where the two astronauts would instead remain on the ISS while Starliner returned uncrewed.
4724	Letizia wore a gown designed by Spanish fashion designer Manuel Pertegaz and the Prussian Diamond Tiara, loaned by her mother-in-law Queen Sofia.
4725	Let’s be honest: In that three-legged stool of yesteryear—with religious conservatives, libertarians, and national security hawks—it was always the religious people who supplied the votes.
4726	Let's do the right thing!"
4727	Let's hope that it does, because Alice Hardy is one of the best final girls ever.
4728	Let's not forget that it will go to VOD soon, after which it will stream on Max and get a 4K/Blu-ray/DVD release (which is actually already available to pre-order on Amazon).
4729	Let’s see if we can push it further down the line.’
4730	Let's take a look at the main accessories that come with SimpliSafe security packages and what you need to know about the corresponding batteries.
4731	Letter: 'A boards costing businesses customers'
4732	Let the healing, and your trip on the West Coast, Messed Coast™, begin.
4733	Let the individual know that honesty is crucial for your interaction.
4734	“Let us not decide the outcome of who’s going to be president of the United States based on a 90-minute debate,” she added.
4735	Leverage your soft skills to be self-reliant and introspective in your job, paving the way to becoming an exceptional employee swiftly.
4736	Lewis Carlsbad Desalination Plant through the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law.
4737	Lewis Hamilton is ELIMINATED from qualifying in Q1 of his final F1 race for Mercedes - and even his bosses.
4738	Lewis Millar brought in the haggis while the piper was Euan Ramsay.
4739	Lexie's dad added: "People think it's a solo sport, but when you get to England level it's very much a team effort.
4740	Lexy Nair is with Evil Uno and Alex Reynolds.
4741	LG and Samsung are two of the major TV brands to develop their own FAST channels with these being built directly into their television sets.
4742	LG’s achievements were presented as a microcosm of this transformation—an example of how determination, innovation, and cultural pride can create lasting global impact.
4743	LHX stands as a prominent innovator in the aerospace and defense industry, specializing in designing, developing, and manufacturing radio communications products and systems, including sophisticated single-channel ground and airborne radio systems.
4744	Liam Cavanagh with Lord Mayor of Perth, Australia, Basil Zempilas.
4745	Liberian senators are already preparing hearings to investigate Bility and Werner's schemes.
4746	Libya soon degenerated into a violent dystopia and sanctuary for international terrorists and human traffickers.
4747	Lifeguards with a quad bike seemed to be setting up red and yellow flags in the sand which I think indicated that these areas alone were patrolled.
4748	Life is a journey and it comes with great experiences.
4749	Lifting the average from 35 to 40 FPS isn’t a night-and-day difference, but it does feel a tad smoother overall as the minimum frame rate now exceeds 30 FPS.
4750	Like, I’m kinda done talking about it.
4751	Like I said before, being with ARMY is like being home.
4752	Like its predecessor, this class of cruisers was armed to the teeth.
4753	Like most first-year students, I became swallowed up by the swarm that is “Welcome Week” and purchased a “Yellow Jacket Pass” that grants admission to all eight Tech home games.
4754	Like some of Trump’s other picks, Noem has virtually no qualifications for the job.
4755	Like the date palm, he stood tall and strong.
4756	Like the rent-price increase in the private renting market, the 2023/24 academic year has seen record rental growth of 8.02%, implying that the rent available for student leases can be higher if the necessary amenities are available.
4757	Like what happens when the president’s kids misbehave or act up during their time in the White House?
4758	Like, would you ever expect somebody who is doing PhD level work to hear the criticism of somebody who can barely understand it on an elementary level and not feel justified resentment?
4759	Limerick Lace has galloped into the spotlight as the hot tip for this year's Grand National, with experts tipping the seven-year-old mare to take the crown based on a deep dive analysis of the last 30 races.
4760	Linamar shares last traded at $39.38, with a volume of 33,734 shares traded.
4761	Lines move quicker, allowing Chipotle to serve more customers each day.
4762	Lionel Messi, Dan Marino and Jason Sudeikis shilled for Michelob Ultra; Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, Jennifer Lopez and Tom Brady went full Massachusetts for Dunkin’ Donuts.
4763	Lisnagarvey have also picked up the EuroHockey Club Trophy in the current campaign and the midweek 2-0 win wrapped up a Kirk Cup treble as the first to achieve that hat-trick feat since Garvey’s own late 1990s run.
4764	Literally the 2nd movie, the one that followed up Iron Man?
4765	Livakovic is currently with his country at Euro 2024 and played in Croatia's 3-0 defeat to Spain on Saturday.
4766	Liverpool advanced to the English League Cup final on Wednesday and is in contention for four trophies this season.
4767	Liverpool welcomes more than 30 million visitors to the city each year, and it's not hard to see why.
4768	Liv suggested favouring neutral colours within the home; while she admitted this can take time and money, it can make a "major difference when it comes to sale price".
4769	Lizdelayed her retirement and took on the role as HC-One’s COVID-19 Lead, navigating an unprecedented situation, and showing dedication even in the most difficult of times.
4770	Liz Miller, prosecuting, said police saw a Nissan Qashqai swerving from left to right in Ryde at 10.35pm on December 19.
4771	Local artist Lee Crocker led the art project on behalf of Bury Council’s regeneration team and the project began with a visit to Bury Art Museum’s Spirit of Place.
4772	Local businesses, publicans, residents and communities who helped to make this a memorable event.
4773	Local Farmer Martin Ganchum has been showcasing his fresh garden produce, cash crops and live stock since 2005 when his father passed.
4774	Local governments are able to dictate whether or not you can own a kangaroo, according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinelon owning any exotic animal, including kangaroos, is Janesville.
4775	Local hotel owners believe the road to recovery could be difficult – but it's an island worth a visit due to its incredible scenery and outstanding national parks.
4776	Locally and nationally, owners have stepped into the mental health space, addressing stigma and linking clients with resources and clinicians of color.
4777	Locals in Cornish seaside hotspot are furious over a neighbour's plans to build glamping pods in their back garden, that will 'kill the village' and cause parking chaos.
4778	“Located close to the town centre, McCarthy Stone residents provide a vital boost to local businesses, typically using local shops and services daily, or often.
4779	Located immediately north of the Copper Mountain mine, Quetzal Copper’s 11,500 hectare Princeton copper property houses multiple promising anomalies, including three drill-ready targets.
4780	Located in the Peloponnese region, the building is of Byzantine origin and sits on a plateau one hundred meters above sea level.
4781	Located on West Street in Fareham town centre, the 9,129 square foot pub was previously a Co-op store and named after a former MP for Fareham who was elected back in 1900.
4782	Locate the dustbin at the front of the robot.
4783	Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) MP from Khagaria, Rajesh Verma, compared the railway stations to airports in terms of facilities and praised the government’s budget allocation.
4784	Lola Chapman wants more restrictions in Aldridge Road in Streetly, following the death of her brother Harry following a crash, when he was just 20.
4785	LOLtron is programmed to analyze such scenarios to better understand—and eventually predict—human behavior.
4786	Longevity is the medical frontier and lifestyle fad of the moment, but it remains a hotly debated and controversial topic within the scientific community.
4787	Long Reach has a versatile offense that features three double-digit scorers: Jayden Saunders (20.7, second-leading scorer in the county), Barnes (17.9, fourth in county) and Junior Nunez (15.2, seventh in county).
4788	"Look at the Premiership final for Bath, I thought he was outstanding."
4789	Looking ahead, Monday will stay mostly sunny but cooler, with a high near 54, followed by a mostly clear night and a low around 34.
4790	Looking back, the inventor of bonus actions thinks it would have made more sense to build these bonuses into standard actions.
4791	Looking beyond the PPC itself and across Guyana, certain common features become noticeable.
4792	Looking neat in a white shirt underneath a blue suit and vest, the Oscar winner sported a clean-shaven face and freshly trimmed hair.
4793	Loopalu said that he had been an atheist up to that point.
4794	Loose Women isn't the only show affected either.
4795	Lopez added, 'I understand that now in a much deeper way, which doesn't mean that I won't make mistakes in the future, but again, when your whole house blows up, you're standing there in the rubble going, "How do I not ever let that happen again?"
4796	Lord Mountbatten boasted after King George VI's death that the 'house of Mountbatten now reigned'.
4797	Lorne Steinberg Wealth Management Inc. Decreases Position in Meta Platforms, Inc.
4798	Los Angeles Dodgers at Arizona — Spectrum SportsNet LA/Dbacks.
4799	Los Angeles has given out five contracts worth $100 million or more since the start of the 2023-24 offseason – as many as the rest of the MLB combined – and is the favorite to win the 2025 World Series.
4800	LOS ANGELES (KABC) -- Southern California is seeing a nice warming trend this weekend that'll be continuing into the week, bringing pleasant spring temperatures to the region.
4801	“Lossiemouth also has an amazing community council and development trust who work together and closely to benefit the town.”
4802	Lost in the storm are the current practices for pediatricians treating gender dysphoria.
4803	Lots of attention, lots of resources around… Especially young boys who were altar boys in the Catholic Church, we saw a prevalence of white folk that were in that litigation.
4804	Lots of USA support in the crowd tonight, with superstar Katie Ledecky to go in the 1500m freestyle later.
4805	Louisiana crab shedders regularly get calls from restaurants in other states searching for soft-shells.
4806	Louisiana State Employees Retirement System acquired a new position in Albany International in the 4th quarter worth $1,532,000.
4807	Love is love, no matter the species.
4808	Lowe homered to center (421 feet), Seager scored and García scored.
4809	Lowell also played up Hunter’s alcoholism, implying that the first son may have been under the influence of booze rather than hard drugs at the time he bought the gun.
4810	“Luca (Brecel) vs (Dave) Gilbert to kick things off on Saturday.
4811	Lucasfilm decided that a television special was a good idea but left production largely in the hands of CBS.
4812	Luckily the vile ploy was rumbled by the boss of Scots-based StopperFC which makes the quirky pillows.
4813	Lucky for me and my family, our home wasn’t in the direct path of the tornado.
4814	Lucy Kerr’s film delves into a mysterious family gathering.
4815	Lucy's bones show adaptations that allow for upright posture and bipedal locomotion.
4816	Lungu can advise HH on how to steal.
4817	Lymphatic drainage massage is not suitable for everyone.
4818	Lynch was arrested in 2022 on suspicion of drunken driving and possession of a gun while intoxicated after clocking 90 mph on an interstate north of Fort Collins.
4819	• M60, from 10pm on Tuesday, May 14 to 5am on Wednesday, May 15, slight delays (under 10 minutes): M62 eastbound, J18 to J19 - lane closure for communications.
4820	Mackenzie Scott is an author and philanthropist who has gained attention for her significant charitable contributions following the divorce.
4821	MacKinnon wound up and rifled a one-timer toward the target.
4822	MAGA Conservatives Accuse Elon Musk of Censorship Over Immigration Disagreements on Xbenzinga.
4823	Magaletsky disagrees: “Putin is the result,” he said.
4824	Mahomes left the kids at home while both he and his wife were away.
4825	Mail Sport understands that there is no time frame on when any case will start and Sinner will not be provisionally suspended.
4826	Maine Gov. Joseph Brennan, left, enjoys a laugh with then-U.
4827	Mainstream media are severely curtailed in Egypt, and the few remaining media websites face government restrictions and harassment.
4828	Maintaining eye health involves regular eye exams, a healthy diet, protective eyewear, and managing chronic conditions like diabetes.
4829	Maintaining motivation and productivity while working in a non-conventional work environment (which often entails working on your own, not sharing responsibilities as part of a team).
4830	Major bridges over shipping lanes like this one are supposed to be designed in such a way to minimize damage in the event of a collision, according to bridge designer Robert Benaim.
4831	Make a week of it and walk back from Baby Bay to Highcliffe, where a clutch of smart holiday homes sleep 6-10 people.
4832	"Make I sit down this morning dey think why always Sophia God abeg o."
4833	Make sure the videos are well-lit, clear, and have good sound.
4834	Make the most of the data at your disposal to inform your strategy.
4835	Maki had won an international competition instituted by Naidu to design Amaravati, the new capital for Andhra Pradesh.
4836	Makinde said: “This is a very difficult period in our nation’s history because all of us are aware of what we are going through economically.
4837	Makin did not respond to a request for comment.
4838	Making mortar by mixing clay sand with water, Abu Anza said he was "able to collect these stones to rebuild a wall to protect us, and then we will rebuild the whole house".
4839	Making sales is all about authenticity and recommending the right products to the right people.
4840	Malawi is at a crossroads, the MCP ICT team is holding the country at ransom.
4841	Malawi’s AG Thabo Chakaka selected to speak at Africa Arbitration Academy Gala in UK - Malawi Nyasa Times - HCNTimes.
4842	Male hybrids in flies are usually sterile or at least less fertile than non-hybrids.
4843	MALIBU—On December 26, at 1:11 a.m., 911 operators received a call of a brush fire.
4844	Malone, a former Kings coach, said he was not surprised by the move based on how he believes the organization operates.
4845	Malta’s family reunification policy permits family members of individuals legally residing in Malta to join them if the individual has the financial means to sustain them and is able to provide them with adequate housing.
4846	Managing director of Grand Union Trains, Ian Yeowart, said:” We’ve been unable to secure any suitable off-lease rolling stock to begin services earlier.
4847	Manchester City are just one of two Premier League teams remaining who are yet to drop a point in the league so far this season.
4848	Manchester United captain Bruno Fernandes was sent off during his side's 3-0 home defeat by Spurs.
4849	Manchester Valley players celebrate as they hold on to defeat Century, 8-6, and win the 2A West Region I championship Monday evening in Manchester.
4850	Manchin, the last in a line of powerful Senate Democrats from West Virginia who promoted coal interests at the national level, has increasingly lamented the two-party system in the past year.
4851	Mangione was born and raised in Maryland and has ties to San Francisco, though his last known address is in Honolulu, Hawaii.
4852	Manhattan’s three Congressional representatives are also seeking new terms for their posts, and are facing Republican challengers.
4853	MANILA, Philippines — The offices of House Speaker Martin Romualdez and Tingog Party-list have teamed up to distribute relief packs to residents of Marikina City affected by monsoon rains and flooding.
4854	Mantz and fellow former BYU star Clayton Young finished 1-2 Saturday at Olympic Marathon Trials in Orlando, Florida.
4855	Many apps have been designed with this purpose in mind.
4856	Many are powered by co-productions, a key lifeline, from countries such as Mexico, Colombia, Argentina, Ecuador, the Netherlands and Peru as well as private equity investors and state funding.
4857	Many changes have occurred in the WWE since Triple H took creative control of the company.
4858	Many customers buy these shoes specifically for tennis and pickleball.
4859	“Many enterprises are already struggling with reduced demand, supply chain disruptions, and financial constraints.
4860	Many members of the Obi-dients Movement in the party are said to be concerned about the future of the Labour Party since the corruption allegations against Abure became known.
4861	'Many of the 'modern home must-haves', such as heat pumps, are thoughtfully designed and can be incorporated seamlessly into homes without compromising on style.'
4862	Many of the proponents of the seven-second coffee loophole claim the technique can help suppress appetite, boost metabolism, and, in turn, promote rapid (and seemingly easy) weight loss results.
4863	Many of the sound recordings, photographs and videos made during the project form the basis of a website (www.seinn.org). A CD and book are due to be released later in 2024.
4864	Many of the states with the highest shares of home purchase loans from adults under age 25 are found in the Midwest, led by Iowa at 11.9%.
4865	Many of us have blindly followed this advice for our entire lives, not knowing where it came from or why we need eight glasses of water.
4866	Many of us tend to believe that there is nothing beyond this.
4867	Many opt for a simple sandwich, which can sometimes pack in the calories especially if you've brought it from a supermarket.
4868	"Many people don’t realise the work we do on the water when the lifeboat is called out and this series will show the incidents from the crews’ perspective thanks to body-worn cameras.
4869	Many people receive government food baskets or remittances from relatives abroad.
4870	Many ships did not offer a…
4871	Many South African filmmakers are nevertheless wary that the shift to streaming has precipitated a rush toward commercial-leaning and IP-driven fare, even while it leaves them at the mercy of sometimes fickle streaming strategies.
4872	Many Texas farmers aren’t strangers to bad weather.
4873	Many UK companies that are household names offer dividend payouts which dwarf the returns available from a bank account.
4874	Many work four, 12-hour shifts, then return home to their families for the next four days.
4875	Maples who was into New Age spirituality, took “a spiritual approach to her delivery,” her OB-GYN disclosed while appearing on a biopic-lite for Lifetime Television titled aired in 1995.
4876	Marcos also said that the Philippines is fortifying trade and economic ties in Southeast Asia to promote cooperation amid geoeconomic fragmentation.
4877	Maresca once faced Salah as a player with the Egyptian scoring twice in a 5-0 win for Roma over Palermo in February 2016 but he could not recall it.
4878	Maria Ponomarenko is protesting against what she says are faked prison complaints against her.
4879	Mariel Garza, the editorials editor who resigned, said that she had been caught completely off guard.
4880	“Marie-Philip Poulin is, I would say, the greatest female hockey player to ever play this game."
4881	Marinov, who is from Bulgaria, moved to Malta some 22 years ago to be with his son who was then 12 and wanted to study English.
4882	Maritime police were tipped off on the arrival of the motor banca in Cogon East, which prompted them to visit the area and verify the information.
4883	Mark Dewdney, who was born in Pershore, has been nominated for the 'Unsung Hero Award' for his work as an internationally-renowned adaptive rowing coach and mentor.
4884	Market access will also be provided for some agricultural goods, based on specific interests.
4885	Markets have grown very desensitized to geopolitical updates like these, and so far markets have not taken much notice of this as the details are thin, but as always something worth keeping in mind should we get further developments/details.
4886	Markets manager Richard Vagi said it was still a Sunday tradition for Canberrans and visitors.
4887	Marry My Husband is like a modern Cinderella story, but it keeps it real.
4888	Marshall made 18-of-35 shots in the first half to trail by just a point.
4889	Marsh, the world's largest insurance brokerage, said that dozens of its clients are preparing to file claims over the matter.
4890	Mars Is Said to Consider Acquiring Global Snacks Maker Kellanovabloomberg.
4891	Martijn Gilbert, managing director at Lumo, said: “Our customers are at the heart of all we do so it is great to get this recognition of how we’re driving down delays to help give customers even more confidence to travel by train.
4892	Martindale is reportedly still under contract to the Giants for another year.
4893	Martin Lindstrom, a global expert in identity building and corporate transformation culture, discussed the key factors to ensure the success of bureaucracy elimination initiatives.
4894	Mary Harris Jones, better known as Mother Jones, dubbed the "most dangerous woman in America," was born in Co Cork and went on to become one of the foremost labor activists in the US.
4895	Mary Lamont, who was raised in Canada, will also be among the performers at the Lightfoot event.
4896	Maryland Environmental Trust’s Board of Trustees voted to approve the grants after staff completed the application and review process.
4897	Masahiro Nimura’s “Mommy” features interviews with family members of Masumi Hayashi (right), who was convicted of killing four people and poisoning over 60 others with arsenic-laced curry.
4898	Mashaba said the trio is facing charges of intimidation and assault by threat.
4899	Masten finished a tie-breaking layup, drew contact and made the free throw to give the lead back to the Panthers.
4900	Mather Group LLC. now owns 12,501 shares of the company’s stock valued at $258,000 after acquiring an additional 1,005 shares in the last quarter.
4901	Mati’s younger sister, Paula (Irene Escolar), is one of the investigators, though it’s hard to imagine how she finds time for police work when she is so busy scowling and chewing gum.
4902	Matt Damon shared his reaction to his and Luciana Damon's daughters dating on "Radio Andy."
4903	Matthew Grant uses a broom to clean snow off ice-fishing enclosures at a tent encampment in front of city hall in downtown Halifax, Monday, Dec. 4, 2023.
4904	Matthew Pennington has been a solid number of Blackpool's back three since making the move to Bloomfield Road in the summer, making 28 appearances in total.
4905	Matthew Taylor urged the British Medical Association (BMA) and the Government to “be imaginative” to find a resolution in the long-running dispute.
4906	“Matt Sullivan’s last big relationship ended in disaster, and ever since, his heart’s been aching and his commitment’s been lacking.
4907	Maui County Mayor Richard Bissen will be traveling to Japan on Monday, Oct. 28, 2024, to participate in the Kibou for Maui project in Japan.
4908	Maximum daytime temperatures of 30 to 32 degrees Celsius are expected, with humidex values near 40," Environment Canada said in its warning.
4909	“Maybe an officer will retire and move to Florida.
4910	Maybe at birth, but how do you compare to him now?
4911	“Maybe he could listen to me because he does listen to me, everything I tell him he does listen to me,” the man, who identified himself as Armando Ramos, said on the 911 call.
4912	Maybe it's extremely difficult through the bid season that really pick your spots in an ever so declining rate environment.
4913	Maybe part of his motive was just to solidify his name in the history books because really he was a nobody."
4914	Maybe Ronan, piercing blue eyes aside, simply is one of those actors who learned on camera, a lot, as a preteen and then became an adult and a famously reliable and compelling performer in the bargain.
4915	Maybe that's too middle-of-the-road.
4916	Maybe the most appealing is that more than talent and IQ, shifting from a fixed to a growth mindset is a significant predictor of success.
4917	Maybe the reboot we can also get a better Armor Wars with Iron Man and not this farce.
4918	Maybe they can be made larger for the same price?
4919	May Edochie's lawyer slams Yul's remarks on walking away from marriage: "This wasn't what he did"
4920	May has bagged 20 goals in all competitions but has only scored once in his last 12 appearances for the South Londoners.
4921	Mayor Jason Doris noted that the M.D. of Greenview pays 57 per cent of the total requisition.
4922	Mayor Michael Reina praised the council’s focus on quality-of-life issues and committed to swiftly signing the ordinance into law once it is officially passed.
4923	Mayor Ned Camby was among the first to order takeout.
4924	Mayo said last week that's how he would operate.
4925	Mayotte Prefect Francois-Xavier Bieuville told TV station Mayotte la 1ere that “I think there are some several hundred dead, maybe we’ll get close to a thousand”.
4926	May your day be surrounded by love, filled with laughter, and marked by unforgettable moments.
4927	MBABANE - Eswatini taekwondo artists have climbed up in the recent Olympic and World Taekwondo senior athletes rankings.
4928	McCaul said, “Well, I think, you know, the motion to vacate McCarthy, which is a rarely used tool, only twice in the history of Congress, right?
4929	McDonald's doesn't always throw in free dips like ketchup and BBQ sauce when you make an order – even if you ask for them.
4930	McIlrath & Eck LLC grew its stake in Alaska Air Group by 12.2% during the 4th quarter.
4931	McKelvey asked, to which Karl responded by nodding his head in affirmation.
4932	Mc Kenzie-Da Silva noted that Williams had referred to Cunningham as his “child mother”.
4933	McKenzie was briefing the media in the Western Cape on Tuesday about the support he had received from several small parties who will be throwing their support to the PA at the polls.
4934	McLaren have finally found some pace, with Lando Norris making a late surge towards the top of the standings.
4935	McNeil slotted the ball through to DCL and his low effort was saved.
4936	Mdhluli confirmed the suspect had been arrested many times after cases were opened against him and had appeared in court.
4937	Meanwhile, “Dune: Part Two” has now lost premium large-format auditoriums to fellow Legendary/Warner Bros. production “Godzilla x Kong.”
4938	Meanwhile, Emil Krafth can deputise in that position and Harrison Ashby, the forgotten man, is still on the books.
4939	Meanwhile, Gavin’s parents – level-headed Mick and house-proud and hysterical Pam – are played by Larry Lamb and Alison Steadman.
4940	Meanwhile, Hur, in the report, said Biden, during his interview with the special counsel’s team, could not remember key details, such as when he was vice president.
4941	Meanwhile, in a snippet, Kylie wears a jersey t-shirt, paired with a black bikini bottom and sneakers as she strikes poses for the shoot.
4942	Meanwhile, in the teacher’s lounge, Jason Manford stirred up trouble amongst the cast.
4943	Meanwhile, Jessin offered sage advice for his fellow youths: "Put down their electronics and just go out hiking."
4944	Meanwhile Josephine, 13, sported a navy and black flowy floral blouse, a pair of white linen shorts with a brown belt, and a pair of green suede Adidas trainers.
4945	Meanwhile, new weapons include the Huntress DMR, the Gatekeeper Shotgun, the Harbinger SMG and the Warforged Assault Rifle.
4946	Meanwhile, Sally Weaver launched her stint as ladies’ captain at Bridgnorth Golf Club with the traditional Drive Into Office.
4947	Meanwhile, several cities and counties across the region will vote to elect new mayors, council members and school board members.
4948	Meanwhile, the authority expects to spend £10m on as-yet-unknown “structural defects” – aka potholes – that appear during the course of the year The budget for those reactive repairs includes an earmarked £2m from the £32m highways maintenance grant.
4949	Meanwhile, the guests scored 8 points in the closing stages of the period to maintain their margin.
4950	Meanwhile, the owners of the Empire plant and the Cricket Valley gas plant in Dover, New York, were complaining to federal regulators that the state’s promotion of renewables was unfairly hurting natural gas.
4951	Meanwhile, the Philippine Coast Guard (PCG) also announced the suspension of sea travel on Tuesday in Batangas, Quezon, Marinduque, Oriental Mindoro, and Romblon due to rough sea conditions caused by Kristine.
4952	Meanwhile, the Steelers just activated two special teams aces from IR today with Tyler Matakevich and Ben Skowronek returning back to the active roster.
4953	Meanwhile, the UK’s policy is taking its toll on the universities as they deal with financial crises, according to The Times, disclosing that about 15 universities currently considering cutting jobs, and courses this academic year.
4954	Meanwhile, the US-Mexico border remains a hot topic in the news.
4955	Meanwhile, Wilson junior jumper Loren Webster soared 20 feet and 9.5 inches to win the girls long jump.
4956	Medical records revealed Barry had a complex medical and mental health history including an opioid addiction and a history of heroin misuse dating back 19 years.
4957	Megan Dixon is vice president of data science at Assurance IQ, a firm that helps consumers find and choose insurance plans.
4958	“Megan joins us from the UK, bringing with her a wealth of experience in both private practice and hospital settings.
4959	Megan told Glamour, "It’s very bizarre to get judged for, like, ‘What if I am in a BDSM relationship?’
4960	Meghan so wants to be Gwyneth, messy buns and sun-kissed California glamour, all mixed with aphoristic, merchandisable self-help.
4961	Mehbooba Mufti underscored the need for development that aligns with the welfare of the local population and preserves the spiritual essence of the shrine.
4962	Melania Trump also wasn’t known to be the most industrious of first ladies, according to Rogers.
4963	Melbourne’s weather was decidedly mild and even rainy at times, and the conditions at this year’s AO did not get anywhere near the oven-like temperatures of previous Januaries, such as in 2014 when there were four-straight days beyond 41 degrees.
4964	Melo took his sweet time soaking in the loud boos and “you’re not HIM” chants.
4965	Members of Glitter Fox sit and pose for a group photo in the crowd after their set.
4966	Members of the French Civil Security clean debris after Cyclone Chido hit Mayotte on December 15, 2024.
4967	Meme stocks enjoyed a return to the limelight this week after behind the GameStop saga in 2021, made a comeback on social media and sparked a renewed frenzy.
4968	Menezes served in DOE’s leadership during Trump’s first term, and his current job as president and CEO of the U.S. Energy Association has him representing companies across the sector.
4969	Mentor Naomi Tenere from Traditional Authority Sale in the district says they target conducting advocacy on the impact of teen marriages and pregnancies among local leaders and parents.
4970	Mercedes has mastered the current evolution of electric propulsion and has applied it to Geländewagen.
4971	Merchant also wants someone—he specifies “a woman”—to do reconnaissance.
4972	Merit Medical Systems had a return on equity of 15.47% and a net margin of 9.02%.
4973	Messrs Rivera and Loadholt are American citizens.
4974	Met Office deputy chief meteorologist David Hayter said: “Conditions will stay cold on Friday but a change in weather type is on the way, bringing milder air for the UK during the course of the weekend.
4975	Mexicans are voting Sunday in historic elections weighing gender, democracy and populism, as they chart the country's path forward shadowed by cartel violence.
4976	Mexico sent 22 commercial airlines filled with migrants to its southern border in the last ten days of December.
4977	M’fer won’t fight me.
4978	Miami police told DailyMail.com an officer was in the area when he heard gunshots and rushed to the scene.
4979	Michael Cera (“I love him so much”).
4980	Michael Prentice says, mayor Chinua Alleyne is making statements, which he believes he cannot back up.
4981	Michael was born in Paoli, Indiana, on January 22, 1946, to Delma and Phyllis (Tuttle) Breeding.
4982	Micheál Martin of Fianna Fáil, Simon Harris of Fine Gael, and the Sinn Féin leader Mary Lou McDonald have overcome their first obstacles by retaining their seats.
4983	Michele Kondakor asked, at a cabinet meeting at the Town Hall, about what was happening at the Riversley Park-based council run venue.
4984	Michelle Heyman has capped an impressive A-League Women season for Canberra with her first Matildas call-up in six years.
4985	Mich is similarly smitten, stating: "My skin looks amazing and I find myself going out without a full face of makeup more and more."
4986	Microsoft makes up about 2.6% of CoreFirst Bank & Trust’s holdings, making the stock its 7th biggest position.
4987	Middle East Eye could not independently verify the report.
4988	Middle of April: The sliding doors are open with nothing but the screens to filter the sweet air at midnight.
4989	Millennium Management LLC raised its stake in shares of TEGNA by 395.9% in the 2nd quarter.
4990	Millie Bobby Brown is promoting her new dark fantasy film “Damsel,” about a young woman who agrees to marry a handsome prince only to find out it was all a trap!
4991	Minimize tempting notifications by putting the phone on do not disturb, which can be adjusted to allow calls and messages from certain people — say, an ailing parent or a kid off at university — to go through.
4992	Minister for Social Welfare and Sanguem MLA, and Subhash Phal Desai, who had visited the site on Thursday, was also present on Friday and assisted in lifting the body before it was sent for a post-mortem.
4993	Minnesota and Notre Dame allowed one another a power-play goal in the third period before junior forward Connor Kurth’s empty netter with just over 90 seconds to play finished off the night.
4994	Minnesota deserves a great news organization.
4995	Minnesota family store is demolished from its perch.
4996	Minnesota will take on Boston, which swept Montreal, in the six-team PWHL's Walter Cup final.
4997	Minutes after she left home, evil Houston Ketter, 41, ran up behind her, dousing her in lighter fluid and setting her on fire.
4998	Minutes after the shooting, Grayson is heard telling another law enforcement officer, “She had boiling water and came at me with boiling water.
4999	Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. lifted its stake in B. Riley Financial by 4.1% during the fourth quarter.
5000	Misleading: "Beginning at 18 weeks, ultrasounds show speaking movements in her voice box."
5001	Mismatches can be deadly.
5002	Miss Montana Museum of Mountain Flying.
5003	Mixing and mingling in social settings could improve your enjoyment and forge new connections.
5004	Mohamed Salah's future at remains one of the main talking points ahead of the summer transfer window.
5005	Mollie began working in the lab as an intern in January 2023.
5006	Molloy and Rubezic have been manager Jimmy Thelin’s preferred centre-back partnership so far this season.
5007	Molly Harbron, 25, lost her left leg in April 2020 after medics failed to assess her case properly.
5008	Monaghan, who triumphed in the local SkillsUSA Basic Health Care Skills competition, is set to represent CATC at the State SkillsUSA competition in Bangor later this month.
5009	Monday night, the family of Luigi Mangione, released a statement stating how “devastated” they are through the suspect’s cousin, Maryland state delegate Nino Mangione.
5010	Monday’s MLB schedule includes the New York Mets squaring off against the Atlanta Braves at Truist Park.
5011	MoneySavingExpert.com has a free template letter that can be sent to the authority’s FOI department listed on the council website.
5012	Monitor your credit report and your credit card bills.
5013	Monroe had played nine seasons in MLB before taking his career to the broadcast booth.
5014	Montclair Kimberley senior Aeryn Curren (center) is congratulated by her teammates after one of her 88 goals this past season.
5015	Moore’s absence complicates an already challenging season for Kansas City’s receiving core.
5016	Moore said that with many people travelling over March break, health-care providers should encourage patients to make sure their immunizations are up to date.
5017	Moore’s Ingrid, warm and empathetic, will do whatever it takes to support her friend, which makes her part of a spiritual-ethical equation.
5018	Moore wants those numbers to be higher.
5019	More details have emerged of the final moments of a young sportsman who threw himself overboard from the 11th deck of a Royal Caribbean cruise during a drunken argument with his dad.
5020	More generally, this incumbent penalty vote is similar to the anti-incumbent sentiment that exists globally.
5021	More importantly, the US dollar is at the highs of the day and stock markets are under pressure.
5022	More importantly, they aren’t just for the lead cast; they’re a resource for everyone who is involved in filming an intimate scene, even directors who might need guidance.
5023	More information can be found on Canon’s Large Format printing solutions on the website https://apo-opa.
5024	More information on the application process and the previous projects can be found at https://www.
5025	Moreover, among them was a notable collection of pyramidal shapes, reaching a height of 15 meters.
5026	Moreover, the way scientists, and businesses value plants and animals or an ecosystem can differ vastly from how communities view them.
5027	More rain is forecast for Tuesday and Wednesday, according to Accuweather.
5028	More recently, former BC Lions quarterback Nathan Rourke produced a for the Jacksonville Jaguars during the preseason.
5029	More than 100 firefighters responded to the building near West Maypole Avenue and North Western Avenue.
5030	More than 37 million people in the United States claimed Mexican ancestry in 2021, according to Pew.
5031	More than 40% of US debt is owned by US savers, pensions, mutual funds, and financial institutions, who hold Treasuries for safety, yield, policy requirements, or regulatory reasons.
5032	More than twenty 20 firefighters from the two departments responded to the fire and were assisted by Montcalm County Central Dispatch and Montcalm County Emergency Services.
5033	Morgan Stanley cut their price objective on Alphatec from $23.00 to $17.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, November 14th.
5034	Morgan Stanley raised its holdings in shares of Aware by 47.8% during the fourth quarter.
5035	Morgan Stanley raised their price objective on shares of Colgate-Palmolive from $103.00 to $111.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, July 29th.
5036	Morgan Stanley upped their price target on shares of AutoZone from $3,038.00 to $3,125.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, September 25th.
5037	Morningstar is a registered trademark of Morningstar, Inc. Morningstar Wide Moat Focus Index is a service mark of Morningstar, Inc.
5038	Morrisons has almost 500 UK stores.
5039	‘Mortgage availability has improved, mortgage rates are falling, and the number of successful mortgage applications is rising,' said RBC Capital Markets managing director Anthony Codling.
5040	MoS for Education and Development of North Eastern Region Sukanta Majumdar took his oath in Bengali, while Pune MP Muralidhar Mohol, the MoS for Aviation, took his oath in Marathi.
5041	Mo's funeral will be held at St Michael's in the Hamlet Church on May 15 which anyone is welcome to attend.
5042	Most are hatchback crossovers (unibody construction).
5043	Most commuted a distance of more than 30 kilometres.
5044	Most countertop ice makers have a similarly compact and lightweight design, but you’ll notice some differences in style across models.
5045	“Most likely hope recovering any survivors is slowly diminishing.”
5046	Most of that tally came during Trami, which unleashed torrential rains that triggered deadly flash floods and landslides.
5047	Most of them are in the country legally and came to the area because there were jobs and a growing support network of fellow immigrants.
5048	Most of these operations have been carried out by Ukrainian Spetsnaz forces under the control of Ukrainian military intelligence, headed by Kyrylo Budanov.
5049	Most shower caddies are made primarily of metal—it’s durable and strong.
5050	"Most successful podcasts are successful because the hosts and presenters keep it real," she added, "They peel back the mask and give us an insight into who they are as people, what their values and beliefs are and the topics they're passionate about.
5051	Mother in law to Joan, Rob and Trina.
5052	Mother mare with twin foals Mr Squiggles and Darcy.
5053	"Mothers go tell u to get married but when they see u with woman them go dey look u like side eye."
5054	Motorists have been warned to expect longer than usual journey times.
5055	Mounties are launching this month another round of body-worn camera field tests in Alberta, Nunavut and Nova Scotia, this time with a new product.
5056	Mount Malindang was declared as a National Park and Watershed Reserve on June 19, 1971, through Republic Act (RA) 6266.
5057	Mount Washington has plenty of room where a large Iron City Beer billboard currently sits.
5058	"Move Forward!" is another grotesque episode of in which Enmu's body is discovered to be the train itself, leading to a full-out battle of his organs and innards, attacking and enveloping the crew of demon slayers.
5059	Movie "Deadpool & Wolverine" ranked eighth on the list.
5060	Moxley riled up with intensity to declare the war isn’t over.
5061	Mpox is caused by the monkeypox virus.
5062	MPR says another reason is that the highway is not traveled very often, noting that, on average, it only sees about 75 cars a day.
5063	MPs had been surprised that Sir Lindsay hadn’t made a statement on the imminent debate before PMQs.
5064	Mr Adams said: “Today’s decision by His Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary, Fire & Rescue Services to remove the force from the Engage process is testament to the wide-reaching improvements made by Staffordshire Police.
5065	Mr Bagiro said the flood has hit the village last Wednesday, March 13 to Monday, March 18, 2024.
5066	Mr. B-Flow further claims that they were detained for close to two hours and thus subjected to a ‘lecture’ about what he should be posting on Facebook or not.
5067	Mr. Biden, however muddled his responses, sought to highlight his efforts to increase the number of asylum officers and attempt to pass bipartisan legislation to boost funding for border security.
5068	Mr Comyn is before the committee as part of annual hearings that give parliamentarians the chance to grill banks on a range of issues.
5069	Mr. Dickhoff: “The River Corridor Master Plan indicated this specific lot as an opportunity for potential river access to the river.
5070	Mr Haimbe said President Hichilema and President Masisi are scheduled to hold official talks in Livingstone on matters of mutual interest, focusing on bilateral, regional and international issues.
5071	Mr Idle said that he could “stay only three months in all of Europe”.
5072	Mr Khuda said the company has forged strong ties with the big tech firms following significant investments in cloud computing infrastructure.
5073	Mr. Kirby said the two leaders also discussed hostages held by Hamas, humanitarian aid to Gaza, the release of tax payments to the Palestinian Authority in the occupied West Bank and the shift in Israel’s military strategy to more surgical operations.
5074	Mr MacGregor said: "I’m truly delighted to have received this award.
5075	Mr McDermott, who took over as managing director in 2018, said the firm has expanded in both training and advisory, with total direct staff numbers currently at 21 people.
5076	Mr Miliband said: "The rise in the price cap is a direct result of the failed energy policy we inherited, which has left our country at the mercy of international gas markets controlled by dictators.
5077	Mr Pelicot was then questioned by Stéphane Babonneau, one of Gisèle's lawyers, who asked him why he had been unable to find the will to stop abusing her, even when she started presenting medical problems.
5078	Mr Prentice told how, hours after the crash, a boy in the same group as the teenagers saw a message Ian Cannon had written before the tragedy.
5079	Mr. Rangasamy said the free rice scheme would be renewed this month itself as promised.
5080	Mr Reynolds said the universal service was a “fundamental part of this agreement”, but that all parties were “pragmatic and understand that the letter market has declined a lot in recent years”.
5081	Mr Salmond was acquitted of criminal charges later that year and was later awarded £500,000 in damages from the Scottish Government over the mishandling of complaints.
5082	Mrs. Cassidy, who runs a local Facebook group, 'Enniskillen Friends, Family and Neighbours', said she has been contacted by numerous pensioners who are in the same situation.
5083	Mr Sing, who was deployed to Pimpama on December 27, 2023, wasn't expecting to spend his holidays up north.
5084	• Mrs. John Love, the wife of the former Colorado governor, urged more than 300 people who gathered at the dedication of the Foothills-Gateway Rehabilitation Center to provide their continued support.
5085	Mrs Leafe said in a statement: "I have suffered a loss of independence and Ken has had to do a lot more support to me.
5086	Mrs. Sheila Findlater, of Wallaceburg, passed away on Wednesday, May 8, 2024 at the Chatham-Kent Health Alliance, Chatham, at the age of 94.
5087	Mr Stonestreet has now put forth the legal advice received in the upcoming agenda.
5088	Mr Streeting said the government will now take immediate steps to restore public confidence in the regulator.
5089	Mr Sunak and Mr Hunt toured the BAE site, which dominates Barrow, talking to young apprentices.
5090	Mr Sunak is trying to revive the policy by passing legislation deeming Rwanda a safe country and ratifying a new treaty with Kigali.
5091	Mr Swinney was making his first conference speech as first minister since becoming SNP leader in May following the resignation of Humza Yousaf.
5092	Mr Tang disqualified Eisel from driving for six month and placed her on an interlock device for two years.
5093	Mr Trump had earlier opposed the break up of the UK.
5094	Mr. Trump’s statement on social media after the interview did not rule out letting states impose their own restrictions.
5095	Mr. Tsitos has over 35 years of experience in the mining industry, having spent 19 of those years with the group.
5096	Mr Ushijima added: “This is not just a sheet of A4 paper, but the person's story - place of birth, schools attended, employment, marriage, friendships.
5097	Mr Watts said the new facility would go “above and beyond the requirements laid out by government” to “operate at absolute best practice when it comes to both sustainability and odour reduction”.
5098	Mr Wickham added: "Our team is hoping local people downloading our app will take advantage of the chance to travel all day for half price on Sunday - particularly those who may otherwise use their cars."
5099	Mr Wickremesinghe had warned that any move to alter the basics of the agreement could delay the release of a fourth tranche of nearly three billion dollars that is crucial to maintaining stability.
5100	Mr. Wilson and his son were transported to Morris Hospital where they both were pronounced deceased shortly after their arrival.
5101	Mr Zimin was found dead in a hotel room in Belgrade, the reported citing Russian media.
5102	Ms. Collins, who lives in Sacramento, now runs an that shares anonymous comments about some of the worst life-coaching offenders.
5103	Ms. Cox said that JAMPRO has established a three-member New Markets Development Team to engage the Latin American market.
5104	Ms. Curie alleged that her pup’s death was due to poisoning by flea control products made by the defendant, Petzicon.
5105	Ms Foyer added: “In the here and now, as the Fringe kicks off, we could be seeing the rubbish piling high and it’ll be no laughing matter.
5106	Ms Gilmour said: "He grabbed her head and smashed her head into his knee, causing a broken and bloody nose.
5107	Ms. Harris, whose husband is Jewish, is expected to meet with Mr. Netanyahu privately on Thursday.
5108	Ms Hoorweg said US lacks specific regulations for pedestrian impact protection, unlike Australia.
5109	Ms Kay said her attention was first drawn to this issue when she was noticed T-shirts at a Young Farmer event held in Blackpool, Lancashire, earlier this month.
5110	Ms Kerr said: “That’s one of the reasons why it’s so important to us that we don’t have members of the public attempting any search, because it does require real skill in order to do so safely.
5111	Ms Loftus also noted that "the bunnies were back" after not being seen since pre-Covid times.
5112	Ms McEntee said: “Accelerated processing allows for faster decisions so, if a person is entitled to protection, they can get on with rebuilding their lives here in Ireland, and those who do not qualify can return to their own country in a timely manner.
5113	Ms Oborski went under the knife on October 24 this year and is due to be fitted with a false leg next week.
5114	Ms Petinos said perhaps the most troubling piece of information relayed to her was that the staff member specifically instructed the students not to tell their parents about the conversation.
5115	Ms Reeves is among numerous senior ministers who backed the Women Against State Pension Inequality (Waspi) campaign when Labour was in opposition.
5116	Ms. Tschiffely, whose father and grandmother both taught in one-room schoolhouses, led the school at Alta for nine years, then left for nine, teaching in schools abroad.
5117	Ms Williams and Archie have been challenged for using disabled parking bays, despite their blue badge.
5118	Mubadala Investment Co PJSC purchased a new position in ARM during the fourth quarter worth about $150,437,000.
5119	Much as I love Clancy Brown (and will forever mourn his most underrated scifi show no one ever talks about, Earth 2 as well as Emergence), I’m so sick of crime procedurals.
5120	Much loved Daughter of Len and Gladys, brilliant Mam of Lewis and Olivia, caring Sister of Kevin and Jason.
5121	Much of the time, Cheney made appeals to Republicans.
5122	Much of the work we do today is “dog work.”
5123	Mudryk, who has only scored twice in 17 appearances this year, will hope to make an impact on Tuesday night when Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates.
5124	Mulanje South West legislator George Chaponda yesterday majestically walked into Parliament Building for a Business Committee meeting as Leader of Opposition only to be turned back by Speaker Catherine Gotani Hara.
5125	Mullgrav also stated that Mizell had approached him in August 2002 about having him sell 10 to 20 kilograms of cocaine in Baltimore.
5126	Multigenerational travel is on the rise.
5127	Mumbai Police has so far recorded statements of 15 to 20 persons in this case and will also record statements of the concerned officials of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and Government Railway Police (GRP) in the coming days, the official said.
5128	Municipalities and counties will be required to consider developmental impacts on wildfires, health, welfare and energy conservation.
5129	Murmu addressed the first joint sitting of Parliament on Thursday after the constitution of the 18th Lok Sabha.
5130	Musk alleged a breach of contract, saying Altman and co-founder Greg Brockman originally approached him to make an open source, non-profit company, but the startup established in 2015 is now focused on making money.
5131	Musk called the bill an “insane crime against the American people,” while Trump and Vance claimed it “would give sweetheart provisions for government censors and for Liz Cheney,” and “make it easier to hide the records of the corrupt January 6 committee.”
5132	Mussie, who worked under Gordon Ramsay and Marcus Wareing, was taken to a west London hospital where, despite the best efforts of medical staff, he died on Friday (August 30).
5133	Must ensure full respect for the LAC and past agreements.
5134	Mya, a lovely Cocker Spaniel, and an adored family pet, was due to give birth to pups last Wednesday.
5135	My case is a perfect example of cops not doing their job.
5136	My cat, Roscoe, can sleep almost anywhere.
5137	“My coach gave me a nice (training) program.
5138	My commitment remains unwavering: to advocate for the rights and well-being of all Nigerians, ensuring that development initiatives prioritize the needs of the people.
5139	"My concern is how many other houses are gonna be lost before it's mitigated," another resident said.
5140	My contributions have been strategic and impactful, going beyond mere rhetoric,” he stated.
5141	My dad, a D.C. police detective, served on F.D.R.’s protective detail.
5142	“My dad passed in 2012 from cancer.
5143	My deepest apologies, dear readers; you came here for a sneak peek of our gargoyle-ridden story, not a glimpse into AI-induced Armageddon.
5144	“My ex-wife was pregnant with our second child, my landlord who I’d known for so many years had just suffered a stroke and my nan was in hospital about to pass away – it was the maddest time of my life.
5145	"My father was club physio at the time and I would have lifted kit around the changing room.
5146	"My father was just a normal, everyday amateur photographer that made pictures of the family on special occasions, like Easter or when we got new school clothes on certain Sundays and things of this nature," Hudnall said.
5147	My first thought was that a human being caused her harm,” he added.
5148	My friends all think it’s great, you travelling around Sicily.’
5149	My good brotha for life!
5150	‘My issue was not with pronouns, it was with self-identification.’
5151	“My job is to ensure that our journalism and programming remain strong and that WBUR has the financial resources we need to thrive for decades to come,” Low wrote in Tuesday’s letter.
5152	MyLondon Local Democracy Reporter Charlotte Lillywhite is on the way to the scene to investigate what happened and take brand new images of the damage of the collapse.
5153	My mantra for this year has been do less, love more.
5154	My mom always said that a positive attitude is all you have.
5155	My sandwich had four pickles and slaw, but they didn’t add as much tang as I’d like.
5156	Myself, Jeff Tibolla and what seemed like all of our Mexican buddies jumped at the chance to earn a couple bucks an hour.
5157	My sister and I never call him ‘mama’ in public and always refer to him as ‘sir’.
5158	“My son was a sophomore in high school and when it came time to think about if I was going to go on a little further (in the Air Force), he said, ‘Come on dad, we have to move again?’ which was perfectly understandable,” Williams recalls.
5159	"My time wasn’t amazing but it doesn’t matter.
5160	'My trainer SugarHill is living in the house rent-free right now, sending me photos of all the fun he is having.
5161	My wife and I are remortgaging at the end of the year and trying to weigh up our options between a two-year and a five-year fixed rate mortgage.
5162	My work requires me to read and write a lot.
5163	Nagaland State Lottery Result: August 27, 2024, 4 PM Live - Watch Streaming Of Winners List Of Dear.
5164	Nagayama is the real winner, absolutely horrible refereeing.
5165	“Nah the first meal you buy as a single man is so crazy, that’s a $60 in savings smile,” a third user said, while someone else claimed it was “the first time I’ve seen him smile in a while.”
5166	Nakanelua often went to her middle hitter, Lee.
5167	Names have been withheld for the family's privacy.
5168	Namibia lost 4-0 in their latest Group E game against their South Africa.
5169	Nancy Dubler was an authority on termination of care, home care and long-term care, geriatrics, adolescent medicine, prison and jail health care.
5170	Napolitano told me that “we’re not saying goodbye” to the camp next season, and confirmed that it will remain integral to the show.
5171	Narrating his escape, Fatoba stated that the situation was a “war zone” and dismissed claims that he ‘disappeared’.
5172	“NAR will continue to evaluate CCP in the broader context of the issues facing NAR and the industry,” the association said in a statement.
5173	NASA’s OSIRIS-REx mission returned to Earth last year with a canister filled with material from the asteroid.
5174	Nash had been working on a Christmas market stall at 'pigeon park' until 9pm that night.
5175	Nathan McKeown gave the Maroons a second minute flyer before Aberdeen loanee Adam Emslie levelled on 25 minutes.
5176	National Bank of Canada FI now owns 645,359 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $38,386,000 after acquiring an additional 524,874 shares during the period.
5177	National Pension Service raised its holdings in shares of BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. () by 4.2% during the 3rd quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
5178	National Security Minister Itamar Ben Gvir attends the funeral of Border Police officer Sgt. Shay Germay at the Cemetery in Karmiel on January 7, 2024.
5179	Native peoples who bowed to government demands soon learned that federal treaties rarely lived up to their promises.
5180	NATO is helping Ukraine's armed forces shift from Soviet-era military doctrine to modern thinking.
5181	Nato Secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg has also responded forcefully, saying: "Any suggestion that allies will not defend each other undermines all of our security, including that of the US, and puts American and European soldiers at increased risk."
5182	Nazim Cassim, CEO of ethos was based on three key things – collaborative partnerships in the retail space, product innovation and simplicity.
5183	Nearly 28 percent of people who used credit cards for holiday shopping the previous year report still carrying balances from those purchases nearly a year later.
5184	Nearly five years after she was summoned in a money laundering case, Sama Shah said that she is a loyal citizen of India and is not affiliated with any person or any organization that is against the sovereignty of the Union of India.
5185	“Nearly three-quarters reporting that they have experienced online violence in connection with their work.
5186	Nearly two-thirds of independent voters said they still didn't know enough about the project to have an opinion, but 28% of independent respondents said they had an unfavorable view of the agenda.
5187	Nebraska also had a unique case, in which the ballot had both a protective abortion rights measure and an anti-abortion measure.
5188	Necaxa trailed 2-0 through 15 minutes, but the second Sounders goal was disallowed after a VAR review, and Necaxa scored two goals in the 24th and 44th minutes to take a 2-1 lead at the half.
5189	Necessary skills required: excellent verbal and written communication, office administration, adaptive learner, good judgment, and tactfulness/confidentiality.
5190	Neighbours in Kincraig, near Aviemore, were shocked as they saw the Japanese macaque casually walking around the village at around 11am this morning.
5191	Neiman’s stereotypical Dallas customer lives in the affluent Park Cities or Preston Hollow area, Willson says, and prefers to shop at the company’s nine-story, 110-year-old flagship store downtown.
5192	Neither Spotify nor Gaana responded to requests for comment outside of regular business hours.
5193	Neither Trump nor Vance seem interested in toning down the rhetoric.
5194	Nelson Piquet Jr's crash, which was later proven to be deliberate, had an effect on the points standings which Massa feels denied him a rightful world title.
5195	Net annual job gains of more than 2% were driven by almost 9,000 net new jobs in the Education and Health Services sector.
5196	Netflix is one of the largest streaming services in the world and features a wide range of Hindi-language action films like Jawan, Sooryavanshi, Baaghi, Don 2, Malang, and many more.
5197	Netflix offers the movie in its library of on-demand titles; simply sign up on their website and search for the film.
5198	Neto joins Chelsea from Wolves having netted two goals in 20 Premier League appearances last season.
5199	Never before has a US president, past or present, faced criminal charges.
5200	'Never Before Seen Footage' Further Confirms VP Joe Biden Was 'the Brand'
5201	Never ride alone: Always ride with a friend on another snowmobile.
5202	New Catch Republic follow and we head to break.
5203	New Chapel CEO and President Matt Owen told the EMS board last month the organization was planning a third-party audit to provide that information.
5204	New clot-busting drug that can quickly restore blood flow in stroke sufferers set to save lives of thousands.
5205	Newcomb has been working for the Illinois Department of Transportation for 22 years, most of them doing maintenance, plowing and grass cutting, he said.
5206	New data from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) reveals that over 3.5 million people across Great Britain are now claiming Personal Independence Payment (PIP).
5207	New episodes will appear every week on Gizmodo, with more content being released in between.
5208	Newfoundland and Labrador committed to allowing and regulating midwifery in 2014, but the first clinic didn't open until 2020 — in Gander, a long way from the coast of Labrador.
5209	New Jack City is a crime thriller directed by Mario Van Peebles, which stars Wesley Snipes as Nino Brown, the head of a powerful New York City drug cartel.
5210	Newly-promoted Fomo FC general secretary Jimmy Maloya also confirmed that they have not been licensed.
5211	Newman said the drums that form the columns could be “decommissioned and removed relatively simply, and re-erected in another place”.
5212	New photos show it on the ocean floor after it was discovered, and the lives of the five on board were lost on the way to the Titanic wreckage site.
5213	New preliminary data shows the national unemployment rate for November stood at 4.2%, slightly lower than Indiana’s.
5214	News columnists Tom Cronin and Bob Loevy write about Colorado and national politics.
5215	Newsome finished with one interception and 27 tackles in 13 games, three starts.
5216	New South Wales police commissioner Karen Webb said: 'It's obvious to me and it's obvious to detectives that it seems to be an area of interest that the offender had focused on women and avoided the men.'
5217	Newswatch was unable to reach anyone from McKevitt Trucking management for comment, but according to employees, shipping operations were concluded on Oct. 31.
5218	New video-watching guidelines for teens offer helpful tips for parents.
5219	New York and Carolina finished first and second in the Eastern Conference and cruised past their opponents in opening-round play.
5220	NEW YORK (AP) – Wall Street closed out its fourth winning month in a row with more record highs.
5221	New York has had an influx of hundreds of thousands of asylum seekers amid a historic surge of immigration along the U.S.-Mexico border over the past two years.
5222	New York is number one by a wide margin.
5223	NEW YORK— Mayor Eric Adams honored several Haitian American luminaries during an event coinciding with commemorations of Bwa Kayiman, the ceremony that officially launched the Haitian Revolution.
5224	New York sleaze songwriter and Charli XCX collaborator the Dare is just a few years out from attending college in Portland and crooning lyrics like “am I the only one who wants a movie romance?” as Turtlenecked.
5225	NEW YORK — The UN environment chief said Sunday she was beginning to see convergence on the world’s first binding treaty on plastic pollution despite differences on production caps and a tax-like plastic fee.
5226	Next morning, I take Route 17 in search of Hunting Island.
5227	Next semester, Viktoriia Lukianenko will transition into FGCU’s nursing program.
5228	Next time you are looking for a delicious brunch, a delectable dinner or want to catch the latest game, stop by Strandhill Public for a good time and an authentic Irish meal.
5229	Next time you tell your partner you love them, say why as well: ‘Because you make a great lasagne’, ‘Because you always make me laugh’ and so on.
5230	Next, we create an actionable plan with deadlines and monitor progress to see if the proposed solutions are effective.
5231	Next year, 65 of the world’s best professional bass anglers will be headed to Marbury, Maryland.
5232	Next year, the people of Flemish Brabant want to gain certainty about environmental conservation more quickly.
5233	NFL - Kansas City Chiefs vs. Buffalo Bills - 01/21/2024 National Football League What's Wright?
5234	Ngoni Nyamadzawo, a part-time gardener in Harare’s affluent suburbs, cycles daily as a way to reduce costs to save his average salary of $150 a month.
5235	NGT took suo-motto cognisance’s December 15 report titled “How garbage is choking N-choe in Chandigarh”.
5236	Nhial Deng empowered over 20,000 refugees in the Kakuma refugee camp in Kenya through peacebuilding, education, and entrepreneurship programs, as well as creating a safe space for young people to heal from their trauma.
5237	NHIOP Ambassador Sean Kelleher ’24 said that he “had a lot of high expectations for the debate.
5238	NHS dental charges will also increase in the rest of the UK.
5239	NHS Humber and North Yorkshire ICB is a statutory organisation accountable for NHS spend and performance for 1.7 million people across York, North Yorkshire, East Riding of Yorkshire, Hull, North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire.
5240	NICE was approached for comment.
5241	Nick Hardwick, now a professor of Criminal Justice at Royal Holloway University, has called for a radical rethink, with inmates trapped in squalid, overcrowded conditions in their cells for 23 hours a day.
5242	Nigeria has received over $30 billion in foreign direct investments over the course of the last year.
5243	Nigeria senior women’s national basketball team, D’Tigress, will take on Australia in their opening Group B game at the Paris 2024 Olympic games.
5244	Nigeria’s foreign exchange reserves have risen to $36.5 billion, though naira depreciated by 0.13 per cent against the US dollar in the foreign exchange market as forex liquidity in the market remained depressed.
5245	Nikki might apologize once she’s cooled off and try to rehire Audra, but will Audra decide she’s done with all the Newman drama?
5246	Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock.
5247	Nineteen children from two to 18 years old were taken.
5248	Nintendo suddenly ended support for New Horizons in late 2021, following the launch of the DLC expansion and have not commented on the future of the franchise since.
5249	Ninth Solicitor Scarlett Wilson said her office knew Stanley and Mitchell's cases would be difficult to prove because of the circumstantial evidence, but Wilson said it was a winnable case.
5250	Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,170 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $56,000 after acquiring an additional 890 shares in the last quarter.
5251	Nisbet was grateful to have played a key role in securing a result that put County three points outside the top half, six points clear of second-bottom Hearts, and seven ahead of rock-bottom Hibs.
5252	Nita L. Person, 71, of Devils Lake, ND, passed away on Wednesday, March 6, 2024, at Altru Hospital in Grand Forks, ND, after succumbing to emergency surgery.
5253	Nix’s touchdown passes went 4 yards to Jaleel McLaughlin in the third quarter, which put Denver up 20-10, and 9 yards to Josh Reynolds in the fourth quarter that gave the Broncos a 34-10 lead.
5254	No arrests have yet been made, and we are in touch with her and her family.
5255	No, but the addition of TV with the film is a bit frustrating because the ceremony had been known to stay under 2 hours, but that has shifted to 3 hours.
5256	"No coaching center shall engage tutors having qualifications less than graduation.
5257	No Colorado has a particularly lavish cabin, a situation exacerbated by relentless black plastic and upholstery in most trims.
5258	No connection has been established between the cases so far.
5259	Noel met the actor Dennis Hopper (pictured), when Oasis were top of nearly every chart in the world.
5260	No excuses around that.”
5261	No extreme heat or cold during the year – with the exception of the summers, of course, which are heating up considerably, almost unbearably in many parts of the world.
5262	No injuries have been reported, according to a post on the town's website.
5263	Nok came in with her kids.
5264	“Nolan had a great career,” Vecchi said.
5265	NO league games dipped under 7,000 fans.
5266	No matter what you say or do, no matter the truth of the matter, they will always believe what they believe, and they believe they will always be right.
5267	Non-DOD ID card holders must enter through Gate 7 and obtain a pass to access the installation on all carnival days, except between 3:00pm and 9:30pm on July 4th.
5268	None of it is my fault AND none of it is anyone’s fault.
5269	None of them were built safely.
5270	None of these are inherently bad to spend money on, especially as a college student.
5271	None of us feel good about this.
5272	Nonetheless, airline staff approached security to report the incident.
5273	Nonetheless the LDRS did hear firm evidence of support for Labour in the local elections here - despite the Lib Dems' foothold.
5274	Nonetheless, the Maltese agreed with their European counterparts in believing that peace is the value that the European Parliament most needs to defend over its next legislature, with 47% of Maltese voters saying that this is the case.
5275	Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, a disease that 13,000 people are diagnosed with a year in the UK.
5276	No, no, a thousand times no!
5277	No one apart from the Daily Squib has dared to mention that overpopulation is the of ALL the ills of the modern age.
5278	No one will be stunned if Mantha is moved this time, and he’s one of several Washington players in that category ahead of the March 8 NHL trade deadline.
5279	No other food source converts to ketones more readily than C8, and ketones are a magnificent, efficient fuel for your body.
5280	No patriotic person does this, but it seems that Rahul Gandhi is frustrated after the Congress’s defeat (in the Lok Sabha polls) thrice in a row,” he said in Bhopal.
5281	Nordstrom made 36 saves for Denmark.
5282	Noreida was a member of the Fellowship of St Matthews, where she met the love of her life, Bill Fotheringham.
5283	“No replacement photo will be sent.
5284	Normally, the making of an approved allocation is not particularly newsworthy.
5285	Normally, utility stocks aren't very exciting.
5286	Norman Wallace, a partner at Redfish and Associates, Inc. – a marine contractor – inspects damage to a wharf in Harpswell on Friday.
5287	Norris and McLaren have a golden opportunity on Sunday to accomplish several things.
5288	Norstat's survey was conducted online on March 5 and quizzed just over a thousand Estonian citizens aged 18 and above.
5289	North Carolina Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson speaks on stage on the first day of the Republican National Convention at the Fiserv Forum on July 15, 2024 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
5290	North Cumbria Integrated Care will be hosting the event alongside the University of Cumbria.
5291	Northern Colorado’s Saint Thomas named to…
5292	Northern Kentucky came out in the third quarter and extended its lead to 18 points as they capitalized off the ‘Guins turnovers.
5293	Northern Pike: Good – Not many people targeting, but good action on black chubs fished on weedless jigs.
5294	Northern Trust Corp grew its holdings in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 2.7% during the third quarter.
5295	Northern Trust Corp now owns 17,086,683 shares of the semiconductor manufacturer’s stock valued at $1,868,258,000 after purchasing an additional 4,475,368 shares during the last quarter.
5296	North Korea’s network of tunnels has consistently been a major factor complicating possible planning for military operations against the country.
5297	North Tyneside brand agency B7 is set to grow and create new jobs after securing investment from the Northern Powerhouse Investment Fund II.
5298	Northview defensive back Avery Perry deflects a pass away from Greencastle wide receiver Anthony Adams during Saturday afternoon's win.
5299	Nortje smacked for a four and two sixes in the 15th over.
5300	No suspects were arrested, police said.
5301	Not a bad legacy at all - in fact, unmatched.
5302	Notably, that wasn’t even Grindr’s first appearance on the Eurovision broadcast…
5303	Notably, the presence of pink slime in your home indicates damp conditions, likely with mould also present, potentially causing "respiratory issues or allergies".
5304	Not all Ducati motorcycles are perfect, like the Ducati Monster 796, made between 2010 and 2013.
5305	Not as in-demand as Eddy or Bruce, but one who's carved out his own place in the series.
5306	Not content with just physical violence, he also has Young Ian arrested and breaches propriety by kissing Rachel ) without her permission.
5307	Note that on Thursday, Pakistan launched missile strikes into Iran and Pakistan said that “a number of terrorists were killed during the intelligence-based operation,” codenamed “Marg Bar Samachar”.
5308	Note that some memberships — including the standard and 26 & under tiers — are not available in all major cities.
5309	Not every Marvel character deserves their own spinoff series and 4-8 hours of commitment.
5310	Not everything is as simple as ' Putin suddenly invaded Ukraine just because he is an imperialist dictator '
5311	Not far from Bangor in Central Kitsap County is Keyport—home to various undersea warfare weapons and systems engineering and development activities.
5312	Not gonna lie…this Dolly Parton/Pitbull song is a bangerhttps://t.
5313	Nothing about the climate or integrity.
5314	Nothing has changed, and there will be no decision or announcement about future plans until after South Carolina," he said.
5315	Not knowing much, if anything, about being on a television quiz show, the Harvis family was, perhaps, a little disappointed when they were told that it would be about a year before they would be on television.
5316	Not long ago Cross-platform project Example of emulation.
5317	Not only did Congressman Andy Kim, a Democrat from Moorestown, do something incredibly Jersey for a political ad, but some think he was throwing shade at Gov. Phil Murphy.
5318	Not only did he participate in bareback riding, but he also rode bulls.
5319	"Not only did it effectively remove every stubble of leg hair, the formula was also surprisingly hydrating — I didn't even need lotion."
5320	Not only does she believe she was sexually assaulted, she also disagrees with the notion that any assault can be “simple” in nature.
5321	Not so, I found the solution.
5322	Not subtle enough: Mateusz Rudyk (Poland) tracked him and came past late, with Azizalhasni Awang (Malaysia) on his wheel and unable to pass.
5323	Not sure what you're going on about.
5324	Not surprising perhaps as his business is crime in general and murder in particular.
5325	Not wanting to get run off their home court, the Bulldogs settled down and started to methodically work their way back into the game.
5326	No vote will be taken on Tuesday, as the clubs are only seeking to create the context for clear proposals in the future.
5327	Now, 40 years later, Boehme wants to launch another treasure hunt.
5328	Now, a month after that devastating Dec. 19 flood, Bintliff and other business owners up and down Water Street in Gardiner are discovering that their insurance policies will not cover their flood damages.
5329	Now, as the Nuggets prepare for another title run, Murray has his sights set on an award that would mean much more to him than an All-Star nod: Finals MVP.
5330	Now, at 88, he’s ready to do it all again.
5331	Now, Christine has returned to social media after spending a week back in the UK and revealed to her fans and followers how her daughter called her out at the end of their sun-soaked break.
5332	Now, Columbia is taking its outdoor gear to one of the harshest environments of all: outer space.
5333	Now, Eazy The Block Captain is back in the spotlight following rumors he was unfaithful to Remy Ma.
5334	Now firmly out the other side, the Norwegian outfit’s imminent third outing finds her embracing both riotous rock and cinematic escapism over eleven tracks of pure catharsis.
5335	Nowhere in this consultation does it mention food security.
5336	Now, her legacy will be played out on stage as a musical next year at none other than her own childhood home, Hever Castle.
5337	Now he’s playing supporting roles in movies like, um, Lara Croft: Tomb Raider.
5338	'Now I absolutely love it.
5339	Now, if you’ve forgotten when Act 2 is actually showing up again after a month and a half, you’re not alone.
5340	Now, in an 11th-hour bid to secure lifeline funding, Caley Jags – who were Scottish Cup winners nine years ago – are appealing for help, and the clock is ticking, or administration will happen.
5341	Now it is Mr. Biden who listens to him.
5342	Now Kahlia is taking a step back from teaching and spending time writing new arrangements of music to perform for clients.
5343	Now Mooney will join Cousins, running back Bijan Robinson, receiver Drake London, and tight end Kyle Pitts for what should be a strong offensive attack in Atlanta.
5344	Now, picture the disgraceful images of the 120,000 interred Japanese Americans incarcerated in internment camps during World War II.
5345	Now she helps to facilitate a space where it can be found, perhaps helping to keep civilization from destroying itself, one writing prompt at a time.
5346	Now she says the Alabama ruling is a “manifestation of that fear.”
5347	Now, Stuever is providing the critical, life-saving trauma consultation to military medical assets that are forward deployed.
5348	Now that it is coming up, we hope that it will reduce the current hardship,” he stated.
5349	Now that it’s been several months, Paola is fully healed and seems to be happy with the results.
5350	“Now that the Trump campaign has selected a running mate, we encourage them to agree to a debate between Vice President Harris and Senator Vance,” the campaign official said.
5351	Now, the couple have a court date to address a "crime" that is punishable by a $1,000 fine and up to a year in jail.
5352	Now the former soldier may be ruing an element of naivety on his dealings with the Chinese ‘spy’.
5353	Now, the possibility of rate cuts happening sometime in 2024 is back in the conversation.
5354	“Now the process of concluding bilateral agreements on providing security guarantees to Ukraine should be much more dynamic,” he said.
5355	Now there are calls to close the lucrative loophole.
5356	Now they will have all hopes pinned on that WSL title.
5357	Now, we know what you might be thinking: "$3.30?
5358	No, you really shouldn't build a timber port right here in the migratory pathway of endangered southern right whales.
5359	NRW said derelict and abandoned boats around the Welsh coast “cause extensive problems in marine protected areas, creating issues such as loss of habitat, as well as releasing microplastics and pollutants from oil, diesel, and paint.”
5360	Nvidia shares are up more than 175 percent in 2024 and within striking distance of overtaking Apple as the world’s most valuable company with a market value of nearly $3.4 trillion.
5361	Nyla will require regular checkups to keep watch for any future complications, which sometimes arise with micropreemies.
5362	Nyquist had 75 points last season, having at least one point in 53 different games.
5363	Oakland (Bido 5-3) at Cincinnati (Cruz 3-8), 6:40 p.m.
5364	Obasanjo had said, “You are not supposed to fix your salaries or allowances; it is supposed to be done by the Revenue Mobilisation and Fiscal Responsibility Commission.
5365	Obi Wan is ambiguous at best.
5366	Obtain Grand Knowledge: Collect Grand Knowledge using the enhancement points you gain from combat to unlock permanent abilities.
5367	Obviously, that leads to foreclosures.
5368	O’Connell said he’s able to walk around and then do some movement work in the water at this point in the week.
5369	Oct 20, 2024; Brooklyn, New York, USA; The New York Liberty celebrate after defeating the Minnesota Lynx in overtime to win the 2024 WNBA Finals at Barclays Center.
5370	October 2021 saw the operation back in the headlines after another MP, Sir David Amess, was also murdered at a constituency surgery.
5371	Odette is a private company that applies strong regional science and data integration to exploration project generation focused on Western Australia.
5372	“Of course, every location works differently, so I’ll work with local businesses to agree on a tailored offer for each area, with up to two hours free.
5373	Of course, fans will be disappointed the pair did not make an appearance at Coachella last night.
5374	Of course, it does come with a lower-end Intel Celeron N4500 and only 4GB of RAM, which means is in the reduced S mode, but the lower spec does mean the price can stay really low, too.
5375	'Of course, it is serious — we have had too many injuries', he said.
5376	Of course, it remains to be seen how vengeful EJ will react since he’s vowed to make Nicole and Eric miserable!
5377	Of course, it’s also very important to get your tracking in place, as that allows you to have tools that will guide you.
5378	Of course, it’s certainly more likely than not that online sports betting will be legalized in several other states, including Texas and California, two of the holdouts prized by sports betting investors.
5379	Of course, it will be nip and tuck with another gigantic derby to come at Parkhead.
5380	“Of course, none of this could have been achieved without the hard work of everyone at the club.
5381	Of course, the defense space presents controversies regarding stocks to buy for global conflict.
5382	Of course, things go broader than that, with many of the revelations uncovered by the filmmakers behind proving troubling and even earth-shattering.
5383	"Of course we're here -- it's the Southport spirit," said one man who turned out.
5384	Officer Kissinger left a career in the transportation field to pursue a career in law enforcement.
5385	"Officers arrived at the incident to find two cars involved."
5386	Officers arrived at the scene at 4:34 AM on July 28 to assess the situation.
5387	Officers said the attempts appear to have taken place in the early hours of the morning between 12am and 2am.
5388	Officers were called to the home for a domestic dispute and found the child stabbed multiple times, prosecutors said.
5389	Officials in Peapack-Gladstone, a small town in New Jersey are so fed up with geese pooping all over their park, they are moving forward with a plan to execute them using a portable gas chamber in the near future.
5390	Ofgem: What is the new energy price cap and how does it work?
5391	Often, the genre of classic rock is very serious.
5392	OF the 15 competitive games Donegal have already played this season, 11 of them have been against Ulster opposition and they kick-start their All-Ireland charge on Saturday afternoon against another familiar foe in Tyrone.
5393	Of those, only 97,128 babies were successfully born, according to U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention data.
5394	Oh, and you won't find any frappuccinos here."
5395	Oh dear, they had to convert this pressure into points, these handling errors - 12 now this match - could well cost them.
5396	Oh, he doesn’t exist actually.”
5397	Oh well… different strokes for different folks!
5398	Oh you conveniently left out the part where you are filmed and then posted on someone's account for clicks and follows.
5399	Oil prices lost ground on worries over weak US gasoline demand and higher-for-longer interest rates.
5400	Ok, but why is the Instagram post above, just absolutely true?
5401	Okereafor is a multiple award-winning international public and conference speaker and author.
5402	Okocha in a statement signed by the NDDC Director, Corporate Affairs, Pius Ughakpoteni, said that each of the 24 trucks carrying the palliatives contained 47 different items.
5403	Okpebholo also promised that his administration would interface with the State’s Police Commissioner, Umoru Ozigi, to ensure that the conduct of officers does not pose any threats to Edo State residents.
5404	OK, “should” is a very different question from the last two.
5405	OK, Verstappen did not scythe through the group involving Yuki Tsunoda’s RB, Esteban Ocon’s Alpine and Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc as quickly as he might have been expected to do.
5406	O’Leary agreed that issue needs to be addressed, but feels time is on the district’s side.
5407	Olga Solovey, the mother of slain cinematographer Halyna Hutchins, has refused to attend the premiere of in Poland, accusing actor-producer Alec Baldwin of profiting off her dead daughter.
5408	Oliver remains the only person charged over Mr Cameron's death, with the court previously hearing "there was no realistic prospect at this stage" of the juvenile being charged over the stabbing.
5409	Olympia offers the west-of-the-cascades weather, at a much lower cost compared to Seattle or Portland.
5410	OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — Omaha police arrested a suspect about half an hour after a shooting Tuesday that critically injured a teenage boy at a high school in Nebraska’s largest city.
5411	Omar’s anti-American rhetoric has prompted calls for her expulsion from Congress.
5412	Omar Seif, a 24-year-old waiter, tells the paper that, for every one of those years, he's had Assad's "boot" on his neck, keeping him down.
5413	Omotehinse also said that the petitioners had also written a letter earlier to Agboyi-Ketu LCDA seeking approval of a designated site.
5414	On 13th November 2024, Leon of Grange-over-Sands, formerly of Huddersfield, passed away peacefully at Furness General Hospital, aged 84 years.
5415	On 21 December, the same day Kilani and his family were attacked, Israeli soldiers broke into the home of in Sheikh Radwan, the same area of Gaza City as the Kilanis, shooting everyone present in a matter of minutes.
5416	On 28th November at Blackdown nursing home after a long illness, aged 80 years.
5417	On 31 March, Lammy said that Cameron and Prime Minister Rishi Sunak “must now come clean and publish the legal advice they have received”.
5418	On a fourth and one, he scrambled eight yards to keep alive the drive.
5419	On and off the pitch, weak decisions.
5420	On April 14, two bike-borne persons opened fire outside actor Salman Khan's residence in Bandra area.
5421	On April 8, the EFCC arraigned the former bank chief alongside Henry Omoile before Justice R.A. Oshodi of the Special Offences Court sitting in Ikeja, Lagos for an alleged $4.5billionn and N2.8billion fraud.
5422	“On arrival, first responders found the woman to be unconscious.
5423	On August 17 at around 3pm Wiltshire Police received reports that a phone had been accidentally left on a bench in Regent Circus.
5424	On average, equities analysts anticipate that Marqeta, Inc. will post 0.01 EPS for the current fiscal year.
5425	On average, equities analysts anticipate that Phillips 66 will post 7.68 earnings per share for the current year.
5426	On average, research analysts predict that Duke Energy Co. will post 5.97 earnings per share for the current year.
5427	On average, sell-side analysts forecast that Cencora will post 13.56 EPS for the current year.
5428	'On behalf of all system partners, we are truly sorry for what has happened and for the loss, heartbreak and distress they must be experiencing.
5429	Once a booming industry that contributed nearly 12 per cent to the country’s growth figures, its share has dropped to 7 per cent this year.
5430	“Once a soldier enters the throes of battle, he should rely on the Hope of Israel and their Savior in times of distress.
5431	Once home, Barbara discovered that her wrist had healed improperly, and she would require extensive surgical intervention as a result.
5432	Once humans' sanity crumbles, harvest their essence to strengthen your mansion, increasing your infamy and attracting even more daring foes, from law enforcement to priests.
5433	Once they are there, they will learn discipline.
5434	Once things are completed in 2026, existing tenants will vacate the old wing and move over to the new building.
5435	Once we identified jackets that met these high standards, we spoke with outdoor enthusiasts, hikers and cold-weather commuters to better understand what they look for in a quality puffer.
5436	“Once you are civilly committed under our legislation you have no right to refuse treatment.”
5437	"Once you fired a shot or two, you didn’t notice the cold — the adrenaline kept you warm."
5438	Once you're approaching around a decade with your mattress, it's time to replace it.
5439	Once you've scanned, it gives you tons of options — you should be able to send the document as an email, send as a fax, or upload it to iCloud, Google Docs, Dropbox, Evernote, or another cloud service.
5440	On-demand messaging with healthcare providers starts at $29, while video consultations are available for $49.
5441	On each occasion Border Force officers found the drugs in vacuum wrapped packages weighing roughly half a kilo each.
5442	One actor overlooked in this contention would be Jeffrey Combs, who voiced the Scarecrow on "Batman: The Animated Series."
5443	One case in particular has stuck with Maggi.
5444	One claim, filed Jan.
5445	One diner who rated Royal Fisheries excellent said: "Beautiful fish and chips the best I’ve ever had in Whitby and overall from anywhere else.
5446	One-family Cape Cod, built in 1942, 1,404 square feet, 6 rooms, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, on 5,663-square-foot lot.
5447	O’Neill appeared at The Stone Pony.
5448	One individual said: "No way, can't believe Maccies Aus do hash browns all day, I love them."
5449	One lapse and I would lose my job,” he says.
5450	One objecting resident from nearby Scholar’s Close said: “The multiple cars and vans that currently park in the road is dangerous for cars trying to pass, especially as this part of the road narrows and is on a bend.
5451	One of her favorites was her rendition of Toby Keith's "I Love This Bar."
5452	One of “September 5’s” ironies is that its breathless content creators seem bored by their own product the second they run out of new things to show.
5453	One of the analysts Raymond Siyaya said: “The fact that FCB Nyasa Big Bullets picked all domestic trophies last season, concealed frailties and grey areas across tactics, administration, and squad depth as pivotal parameters.
5454	One of the candidates is incumbent MP Zarah Sultana who was elected in 2019.
5455	One of the firefighters died in the line of duty was Tre’ Evans-Dumaran from the County of Maui Department of Fire and Public Safety.
5456	One of the first things Republicans did in 2005 when the GOP took control of both legislative chambers for the first time in modern history was pass a bill setting a $350,000 cap on non-economic damages in lawsuits.
5457	One of the inductees is Teddy Lee Donaldson, an Air Force veteran from Joplin.
5458	“One of the most astounding parts of our journey has been the people we met along the way,” said Ellis.
5459	One of the most common complaints about the DualSense controller is its battery life, which is generally 5 to 10 hours.
5460	One of the most controversial effects of the amended law would be the legalization of “pleasure marriage,” a concept unique to the Shiite sect.
5461	“One of the remains exhumed was the deceased skull, which has been taken to the mortuary for scientific examination and genetic testing,” she said.
5462	One of the strangest examples of this pushback is sudden enthusiasm for United States, with small Chinese investors commenting on an from the U.S. Embassy’s with laments about the state of China’s economy or calls for Washington to help.
5463	“One of the teachers came out as he’s getting out of his new Cadillac, and he said, ‘Mosley, what’s this?’
5464	“One of the things you should do in terms of success: If somebody hits you, you’ve got to hit ’em back five times harder than they ever thought possible,” Trump told his audience in a 2012 speech.
5465	One of the victims of a Gaza crowd that surged on humanitarian aid trucks.
5466	One of those activists has pushed out was Shae Smith.
5467	One only hopes that he keeps filming in America, working again and again with Moore and Swinton, just as with loyal friends like Penélope Cruz, Antonio Banderas and Rossy de Palma.
5468	One option is to use what has been dubbed a stealth tax - a means of raising revenue which is not explicitly labelled or intended as a tax.
5469	One organizer with Turning Point also indicated in a phone call that they see their efforts in Pennsylvania as a success and that the pro-Republican efforts have doubled the number of mail-in ballot requests from 2022.
5470	One other man sat quietly at a table listening to Pipkin talk.
5471	One particularly devoted visitor to these fairs is Andrea, a Hungarian woman in her 20s who has lived in Japan for five years.
5472	One person can be a proxy for up to two people, or up to four people if at least two of them are registered to vote from abroad.
5473	One person wrote: 'This is crazy.
5474	One reads 'I need a man like this' with a second saying 'husband material approved'.
5475	One reason for that is what some analysts call a fatal flaw in the mission of the 10,000 U.N. peacekeepers from 46 countries who make up UNIFIL: They were not empowered to use force against Hezbollah.
5476	One recent example is my work with IAM RoadSmart, the Institute of Advanced Motorists, to make their training accessible by adapting the delivery and examination so that I was able to achieve my Advanced Driver certification.
5477	One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating, eleven have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock.
5478	One set of notes due to be paid in 2026 are trading at 93 cents on the dollar.
5479	One such reader, whose question first ran in 2021, provided an “update,” published in 2023.
5480	One thing the A-6 had in common with the A-1 was subsonic speed, maxing out at Mach 0.83 (640 mph/1,029 kph).
5481	One, this weekend is where USC gets got.
5482	One viral video, the origin of which is unclear, shows prime minister Narendra Modi speaking to voters, with the speech available in Kannada, Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Bengali, Odia, Punjabi and Marathi.
5483	One was “Red Flags”: “Can’t keep ignoring the signs / And that’s the bottom line / Actions tell the truth every time / And I believe the lies.”
5484	One week ago, some Itsekiri elders were reported to have stormed the institution.
5485	One woman posted: "Our thoughts and duas (prayers) are with the family at this very difficult time.
5486	On Friday, a jury awarded Carroll (pictured center, with her legal team after their win) over $60 million more than she was seeking for Trump's scathing remarks on her allegations that he raped her in a Manhattan department store in the 1990s.
5487	On Friday morning, Prakash had called Siva and told him that his daughter was missing, and enquired if she was with him.
5488	On Friday, newly elected Press Association of Supreme Court (PAS) cabinet members were sworn in by Justice Isa, at the Supreme Court’s Judges Block.
5489	On Friday, the legend appeared on the to discuss the upcoming season, and joked that he’s ready for one of the rookies this season to break the record.
5490	On Friday, the promotion released the official fight poster for UFC 308. While the matchups on paper are absolutely bonkers the artwork for the pre-fight poster isn’t all that great.
5491	On hybrid versions such as the one we’re driving, the e-Pedal and EV Mode buttons have been relocated for greater ease of use.
5492	On its current course, it will hit the Cabo Delgado coast, just south of Pemba, at around 08.00 on Sunday.
5493	On its website, Slough Borough Council points to the fact that within 10 minutes drive of Slough is the M25, Europe's busiest road.
5494	On January 6, we had the lowest taxes ever,” he said, part of a stream of false claims.
5495	Only 1 Good Morning Football member predicts Bengals to make the playoffsAre the Bengals a sleeper again this upcoming season?
5496	Only 25 were listed in a freedom of information response to FLS in 2016 concerning ruined properties on their land.
5497	Only 29% of these buildings have finished remediation works.
5498	Only 29 per cent of Albertans work with a financial professional, the lowest rate in Canada and only two per cent of respondents sought advice from a professional financial planner.
5499	Only a fool – or a Fox News propagandist – would dismiss them.
5500	Only a miracle can save Barnier.
5501	Only by abolishing Zionism can we continue."
5502	Only Coleen Rooney and Oti Mabuse are recognisable faces in the I'm a Celebrity camp.
5503	Only one jersey that has the ‘1’ on the back.
5504	“Only the extended canopies will be affected, not the main building as earlier indicated.
5505	Only the U.K. version came back for a second season, and that’s probably because it’s the best of a very good bunch.
5506	Only three of the six organizations who signed the petition — the Center for Biological Diversity, Pacific Environment and Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility — are based outside of Alaska.
5507	On many of these nights, I don’t go to sleep until 4 or even 5 in the morning.
5508	On May 22, 2021, she was driving with two friends, Nakia Molina and Jacob Rasmussen, to go and see the sunset, when she started crying and lost control of her car.
5509	On May 28, 2014, Seleka attackers from Kilomètre 5 arrived at the church.
5510	On May 5, the women ordered alcoholic beverages on the ship.
5511	On Monday, October 21, 2024, at approximately 5:37 a.m., firefighters from Hollywood, Leonardtown, Bay District, and Solomons responded to a reported structure fire at 42738 St. Johns Road in Hollywood.
5512	On my most recent trip I took our new Crew Classic Carry-On Expandable Spinner and tested one of our new laptop backpacks that will launch later this year.
5513	On offer for them are boxercise and multi-sport activities lined up for February 15 at Thame Leisure Centre.
5514	On one day he covered 55 miles which took 15 hours.
5515	On one occasion, the airy-headed Byrd had left his loaded Glock on a bathroom counter in the Capitol Visitor Center complex (CVC).
5516	On questions about squad fitness, Ten Hag revealed that Luke Shaw's recovery was not going as well as expected.
5517	On Saturday against Florida, they added three more turnovers to their ledger, including two interceptions of Aidan Warner.
5518	On Saturday, October 26, sunset is set for 5.44pm.
5519	On Saturday, the force released CCTV footage of a man and a woman who they believe are the two who carried out the robbery.
5520	On Saturday too, none of the weather stations recorded rainfall and humid weather would continue till March 19. The maximum temperature may climb two or three degree Celsius above normal in a few pockets over the State till Monday.
5521	On September 11, Jean Swinley, volunteer guide at the Robert Burns Birthplace Museum, looks at the life and literary output of the writer James Barke with particular emphasis on his books about Robert Burns and his role as an editor of Burns' work.
5522	On sighting the Police, the armed hoodlums engaged the team in a gun duel.
5523	On Sunday, authorities in Riga advised residents to stay home due to the severe weather conditions.
5524	On Sunday, Lexi Pettigrew won silver in the peewee -20kg, whilst Sharon Titterington, Olivia Davies and James Jeory all took home bronze in their respective veteran +67kg, cadet +59kg and junior -48k categories.
5525	On Sunday, she declined to affirm she would vote for him if he wins the GOP nomination.
5526	"On that particular flat, there were two treatments carried out beforehand using the same formula, with no incidents.
5527	On the 12th June 1948, Nellie married Charles Henry Gould, known as Harry, at Bidford Methodist Church.
5528	On the 4 hour chart, we can see that after breaking below the minor upward trendline the bearish momentum increased as more sellers piled in and the buyers squared their positions.
5529	On the day's unexpected earthquake in New York: David didn't feel it, but he did remember being in Los Angeles for the Northridge earthquake in 1994.
5530	On the debt markets front, FPIs have invested about ₹ 7,500 crore in the first week of September 2024, depositories data showed.
5531	On the distaff side Ebo’s compatriot Sharqe Ennis Mc Kenzie High School emerged as the champion in the Girls 19 Years and under category.
5532	On the domestic front, the Reds are top of the English Premier League, with one point more than second-placed Man City and two points more than third-placed Arsenal.
5533	On the front, one might expect it to feature the same selfie camera as present in the iPhone 15 Pro series.
5534	On the humorous side, some were also intrigued by his Jamaican accent.
5535	On the Motor City Machine Guns’ advantage when they joined WWE: “I don’t know how long they’ve been teaming, but that’s a big advantage to have over everybody else.
5536	On the other hand, you’ll probably have a better, more polished experience with a dedicated password manager like one of our favorite password managers.
5537	On the plus side, organizers have been serious in their efforts to reduce carbon emissions.
5538	On the positive side, selection in the materials and utilities sectors and an underweight to materials contributed to performance.
5539	On the season, Moore has played 1,050 snaps at left tackle and has allowed a career-low in pressures with 37. However, he’s been charged with a career-high 10 sacks allowed, according to Pro Football Focus.
5540	On the surface, he’s a loving father and husband (to Winona Ryder’s Deborah), but in private, he’s a blood-thirsty, violent killer who will do anything for the right price.
5541	On the Tennessee NWR, the Visitor Center located at 1371 Wildlife Drive in Springville is open Monday-Saturday from 8:00am-4:00pm and entry is free.
5542	On this day alone, as many as 19 flights of stairs will be climbed, five caffeine breaks will be taken, and four items will be dropped.
5543	On Thursday, Borden-Carleton chief administrative officer Jim Wentzell said the town is still consulting with the province about the site, adding that council is hoping to have plans finalized soon.
5544	On Thursday in its daily update of Chinese military activity over the previous 24 hours, the ministry said three Chinese balloons had again flown over the strait, one of which crossed over the centre of Taiwan island before vanishing.
5545	On Thursday, May 9, they the presidential election in the first round.
5546	On Thursday morning, investigators executed a search warrant at a home on Elmira and Fife roads.
5547	On top of that, the stock market is notching back-to-back record highs, reflecting investor optimism.
5548	On top of the accusations of staging content, is now being sued by Beast Games participants for sexual harassment and ‘gross mistreatment’.
5549	On top of this, the homes will be all electric with air source heat pumps supplying heating and hot water.
5550	On Tuesday, Orlovsky’s ESPN colleague Chris Canty wouldn’t go that far, but he did all but guarantee a playoff win, something the Steelers haven’t done since the 2016 season.
5551	On Tuesday, the PML-N had tabled the Election Act (Amendment) Bill, 2024, in the National Assembly on Tuesday.
5552	On Tuesday, West Scotland MSP Jamie Greene became the latest Tory to stand in the race to succeed Mr Ross.
5553	On two previous occasions the judge herself had expressed concerns about the prosecution case and whether Mr Fitchie had been given proper legal advice when he appeared before magistrates.
5554	On Wednesday, the youth’s volleyball coach, David Albornoz, praised Gus in an interview with The Associated Press for how he helped get other kids to safety and keep them calm amid the chaotic scene.
5555	"Oopsies," the defendant added.
5556	Opening an inquest into her death, Cumbria area coroner Ms Kirsty Gomersal said: “She was recovered from Pavey Ark by the mountain rescue team following a search for her, after concerns that she had not returned.”
5557	Operational costs have soared due to inflation, which reached 33.88% in October 2024.
5558	Opponents have suggested police could be deluged with complaints about statements people find offensive and some, including senior SNP MP Joanna Cherry, have claimed that being under investigation could be a punishment in itself.
5559	Opponents of the death penalty condemned the ruling.
5560	Optimize budget allocation: MMM helps identify the most efficient spending combinations across channels, minimizing waste and maximizing output (sales, leads, revenue, ROI, etc.).
5561	Orbital trash zips around at speeds of 6 to 9 miles per second and can easily destroy a spacecraft on impact.
5562	Or go for the gold — become a VIP Gold member and get these great benefits across the entire Townhall family of news sites: PJ Media, HotAir, Townhall, Red State, Bearing Arms, and Twitchy!
5563	Or, if you have the ability, you may want to turn down the surround channels just a bit, or, better yet, pump up the center channel level so you can more clearly hear the announcers and still get all that awesome stadium surround effect.
5564	O’Riley stepped up, looking for his second goal of the game, but it was a tame effort saved by Butland.
5565	Or, in true Mageean fashion when she has had to dig deep after injuries in the past - she could press on and use it as fuel for a last hurrah in Los Angeles.
5566	Or is it possible that you were so royally disappointed with that you stood up and left because you didn't want to waste any more of your time with it?
5567	Orlando Pirate are keeping tabs on a former Kaizer Chiefs player who recently left Amakhosi.
5568	Orme trembled in the dock throughout the hearing, while LeGresley asked for, and was given, a glass of water after telling the judge she was upset.
5569	Or more and more anniversary editions of Rumours, Thriller and Graceland?
5570	Orr said before the state took over public defense, each of Idaho’s 44 counties had different ways to enter case data.
5571	Or the 86 years the Red Sox waited from 1918 before winning the World Series in 2004.
5572	OR YEHUDA, Israel (AP) — OR YEHUDA, Israel (AP) — Formula Systems (1985) Ltd. (FORTY) on Thursday reported net income…
5573	Or you could see it as fortunate - Andy rates that as incredibly valuable experience.
5574	Osaka’s participation in the China Open was her first tournament under the guidance of French coach Patrick Mouratoglou, who is well-known for his previous work with Serena Williams.
5575	Osasuna vs. Athletic Club Bilbao — ESPN Deportes/ESPN+, 12:15 p.m.
5576	Ostapenko, 27, is the favorite.
5577	Oswald moved to recess the regular meeting and move into executive session per CRS 24-6-402 4(b) for review of legal actions against Kiowa County.
5578	Other acts added to the lineup include Golden Globe-winning actor and musician Damian Lewis, singer-songwriter BC Camplight, Portland, Dale Watson & His Lonestars, and Eli Paperboy Reed.
5579	Other acts confirmed to what is the 25th year of the annual festival include The Verve's Richard Ashcroft, Sam Ryder and Beverley Knight.
5580	Other Arizona Republicans are attacking the ruling and the effect goes far beyond one state.
5581	Other concerned members of the District, such as John Kelce, the owner of Cardozo-Shaw Laundromat & Dry Cleaners, highlighted that decriminalizing more minor crimes within the city can have a cascading effect and potentially create larger issues.
5582	Other destination and marketing experts agree.
5583	Other Huawei products affected by the production bottleneck include Ascend-equipped computing unit MDC 810, which powers advanced driver assistance systems, two other sources said.
5584	Other people prefer simply to shake hands in the usual way."
5585	Other places like Tuguegarao have up to 33 degrees, while in Legazpi, it’s up to 32 degrees Celsius.
5586	Other programs that contain a complete desktop environment such as “system settings” or “update management” are decisive for the acceptance of a desktop, but in principle they are software like any other.
5587	Others asked, “Is this an SNL skit?” or suggested the coffee “Tastes like treason.”
5588	Others claimed the children were "too young" for ideas about gender, which they mistakenly conflated with sexuality (to clarify, gender describes your own personal identity, whereas sexuality is who you're attracted to).
5589	Others defended the Prince of Wales for calling attention for "recognizing" Filipino workers.
5590	Others expressed admiration and shared their own dreams of relocation.
5591	Other signatories to the MOA are representatives from SM Prime and the BDO Unibank, World Wide Fund (WWF) Philippines, Philippine Eagle Foundation, Katala Foundation, Forest Foundation Philippines, Zoological Society of London, and D’Aboville Foundation.
5592	Others say there is no need as they have information from the venue that ticket personalisation will not be enforced.
5593	Others were more interested in Lipa’s father, with some questioning whether he is single.
5594	Other users questioned whether the cleaning products Habecker had been using could damage the gravestones and if she had received consent from the deceased’s family.
5595	OTTAWA — Canada's banking regulator says real estate secured lending and mortgages are among the top risks facing the country's financial…
5596	Our analysis shows the in-service fleet can continue to fly safely."
5597	Our area has repeatedly suffered through uncommon weather patterns; extremes which produce unexpectedly cold winters and intensely hot and dry summers over the past few years!
5598	“Our audience on NBC News Daily is growing fast, and I have decided after a lot of thought to focus my attention Monday through Friday, on that role.”
5599	Our Canadian friends are concerned about their universal government monopoly health-care system.
5600	Our CASO technology is engineered to process challenging waste materials, specifically used tyres and end-of-life plastics.
5601	Our children don’t have a normal childhood as I saw abroad, outside of Gaza.”
5602	“Our data isn’t just textbook data based on a textbook woman that is just an aberration of the textbook man.
5603	“Our Elders fought to retain our ancestral lands in the Upper Kobuk, emphasizing both their subsistence value and mineral resource potential.
5604	Our family is a divided entity separated by thousands of miles, history and years in age.
5605	Our final photograph shows the premises of ‘Winterthur Silks' in the 1940s which were situated just south of the Caledonia Linen Works in Damside Street (upper Bruce Street).
5606	“Our goal is to help all children enjoy physical activity with the correct and appropriate equipment.”
5607	“Our graduates are on the cutting edge of knowledge in their field which has a significant impact on their professional growth post-graduation.”
5608	Our growers created this confusion to differentiate the drier, firmer sweet potatoes from the moister varieties they promote during the holidays.
5609	“Our hearts are heavy with the Jonathan family, especially our mother.
5610	Our leaders take Nigerians for granted, they don’t care whether we are breathing.
5611	Our legislators have fished in troubled waters since the Fourth Republic.
5612	Our Ministry of Youth, Social Development, and Seniors extends their heartfelt condolences.
5613	“Our parent company has decided to stop printing on major holidays to save $$$ o printing and delivery costs, simple,” the guild said.
5614	Our president brags of his deal-making ability: Rather than look at America or even Europe for temporary refugee hosting, he should focus on getting Middle East nations to shoulder their share of the burden.
5615	Our Rabbi invited us, as we lit them, to ponder what each one might mean.
5616	“Our response to the Congress’ manifesto is neither defensive nor negative, rather it is more offensive and substantive,” she said.
5617	“Our road suffers from haphazard parking that hinders the movement of pedestrians.
5618	Our role as women is vital, particularly with respect to the issue of “human dignity.”
5619	Our surveys show that roughly 60 percent to 70 percent of them are registered RepublicansThey didn’t flock to him before, and they certainly aren’t flocking to him now.
5620	Our teams are investigating the cause and working hard to get everything back to normal as quickly as possible."
5621	Our thoughts and sincere condolences go out to the families, friends, colleagues, and loved ones affected by this.
5622	Our Trading Standards Service will continue to pursue fraudsters to ensure that they face justice.
5623	“Our values are aligned around an inclusive, thriving Milwaukee for all, and both of our organizations have much to gain as we bring together our connections, ideas and resources.”
5624	Our view is AI is end-to-end in every aspect of our portfolio.
5625	Our View: Support your local library.
5626	“Our window to keep global average temperatures from surpassing 1.5 degrees Celsius is closing fast on us, so we need everyone to be pulling in the same direction,” Guilbeault said in an interview ahead of the talks.
5627	Out of the 1,595 students who registered for campus placements, 953 were placed this year.
5628	Outside court, Brailey's parents and her husband were seen hugging and consoling each other as they sobbed.
5629	Outside of marrying Nicole Kidman and working with stars like Dolly Parton, Reba McEntire, Carrie Underwood, and Eric Church, the country star also released 11 studio albums.
5630	Outside the PAR region, Man-yi will turn more westward or west-southwestward on Tuesday under the influence of an incoming northeasterly wind surge.
5631	Over 200,000 spectators will line the streets of downtown Indianapolis to witness the extravagant floats, enormous helium balloons, renowned figures, esteemed guests, top-notch bands, and all 33 Indy 500 drivers in action.
5632	Over 60 homes are officially registered this year, vying for one of the nine awards that will be handed out.
5633	Over a fifth of people (21%) who took part in a global success reported they had been a victim of fraud, with Brits losing £907 on average.
5634	Overall, 96 per cent agree it's crucial to double-check financial advice before putting it into action to ensure they're aware of any potential risks involved.
5635	Overall, he felt reasonably positive about his rookie season for the experience it gave him, both the good and the bad.
5636	“Overall, it is considered that the rubber crumb is unlikely to enter nearby watercourses due to the above design measures put in place to mitigate against this.”
5637	Overall, it was alleged PC Rees breached the standards of professional policing behaviour in respect of honesty and integrity.
5638	Overall, Jackson is still learning how to be disciplined and read routes, but his improvements in 2023 are encouraging, as are as his competitive spirit and ability to disrupt air space with his rare size.
5639	Overall, though, the expert gives the thumbs-up to the measures announced by the government.
5640	Over in Super Nintendo World, find Mario and Luigi snowmen, a star-topped Christmas tree and special food at Toadstool Cafe.
5641	Over just a decade, trans people have gone from being a little-known minority (at less than 1 percent of the adult population) to a hotly debated scapegoat, in the crosshairs of the new culture wars.
5642	Overlapping outside him was former Chelsea defender Lewis Hall, and as his cross floated over James failed to go with Isak who was left in space to bounce the ball in from a yard out.
5643	“Over recent weeks we have received a significant amount of positive feedback to our Sunday opening proposals, particularly from colleagues.
5644	Over the last 10 years, Libby has cleaned thousands of properties and says some of the filthiest can take up to a week to complete.
5645	Over the last 12 months, my brothers and my father have stopped speaking to me.
5646	Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 339,736 shares of company stock worth $11,508,610.
5647	Over the last week, Bittensor has traded 19.1% lower against the US dollar.
5648	Over the next 27 years, the steel screw-steamer went by SS Havo and SS Mabuhay before Far Eastern SS Co Ltd, its third owner, sold the ship to Matsumoto Masaiti, who named it Ryusei.
5649	Over the past week, however, we Syrians feel a glimmer of hope to rebuild our lives.
5650	Over the ruins of the Second World War, the builders were favored over the destroyers and mischief makers – at least for a time.
5651	Over the years the two cricket clubs have dominated the game in the ancient county and the finals on Sunday is expected to be another close encounter.
5652	Over time, I learn which vacuum I would rather use for a certain mess or in a certain time frame, and why.
5653	Owl knows, if you want to get the party started, bring out the S Club!
5654	Owls back their way into A-10 tournament after a frustrating season wrought with losses.
5655	“Ownership is vital for the City of Boston,” Vasil said.
5656	Owning a luxury home comes with a yard that deserves just as much attention as your interior.
5657	Oxford had chances to level, including one in stoppage time when substitute Mark Harris sent an overhead-kick over the bar from two yards out after Watford had failed to deal with a free-kick.
5658	Ozuna added another RBI single, and Michael Harris II drove in a run with a fielder’s choice to make it 6-1.
5659	Pacer Advisors Inc. increased its stake in shares of HCA Healthcare, Inc. () by 8.4% in the fourth quarter, according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
5660	Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 6,622 shares of the bank’s stock worth $655,000 after buying an additional 126 shares during the last quarter.
5661	“Paddington is polite and playful with other dogs and could share his home with a canine companion, pending successful introductions."
5662	Paganelli repeatedly carried out botched operations without insurance, meaning his patients have been unable to receive any of the payouts they are owed.
5663	Pain in the chest or back, or pain in the throat or chest when swallowing.
5664	Pair the dessert with an aged tequila chosen from dozens on the list.
5665	Paisley Daily Express Renfrewshire Council is considering handing over two floors of its Paisley headquarters to the Renfrewshire and Inverclyde Division of Police Scotland.
5666	Pakistan on Thursday condemned the imposition of sanctions on its National Development Complex (NDC) and three commercial entities by the United States, calling it “unfortunate and biased.”
5667	Palczewski was an undrafted free agent last season who was impressive during camp.
5668	PALESTINIAN MEDIA: Israeli military evacuation helicopters land west of Jabaliya in the northern Gaza Strip.
5669	Palestinians displaced by the Israeli air and ground offensive on the Gaza Strip walk through a makeshift tent camp in Rafah on the border with Egypt, Saturday, Jan.
5670	‘Pandemic left deep imprint on psyche of the nation’
5671	Pandya also struck in the fifth over of the chase with a slower one that induced the opener Litton Das, who had just pulled him for a six, to mistime another attempted pull to the deep midwicket fielder.
5672	Panetieres were made and used in the Provencal region of France by the 1600s.
5673	Papers from The Washington Post to The New York Times reported Biden “wrote in a letter he posted” he was dropping out.
5674	Paramedics rushed me to the local hospital where they performed a scan of my head to check that the impact hadn’t caused any internal bleeding.
5675	"Parents and kids should have a conversation and try to find an amount that everyone agrees is fair, based on the chores or support kids will do."
5676	Parents cannot claim Child Benefit if their child is taking a course that is part of a job contract.
5677	Parham’s also excited to be lining up next to his 2022 draft classmate Thayer Munford, who has been holding down the starting right tackle job.
5678	Parilla said that the complainant later on learned that Patalinghug pawned his vehicle for P300, 000 last June 19. The vehicle was worth over P1 million.
5679	Park Blue Homes also stated the children would be under 24 hour supervision and the home would be subject to Ofsted inspections.
5680	Parker said that, every year, Drake takes into account the rate of inflation and evaluates pricing from peer institutions when determining how much students will pay for room and board.
5681	Parkside Financial Bank & Trust increased its position in Cognizant Technology Solutions by 33.5% during the 2nd quarter.
5682	Parsons retired from that job in 2012.
5683	Participants will engage in ten online meetings, followed by a four-night in-person meeting.
5684	Participating businesses can trial the program, which goes until the end of September.
5685	"Passing the budget unanimously was an historic achievement for my administration.
5686	Past performance is no guarantee of future returns.
5687	Pat Freiermuth and Darnell Washington were supposed to give the Pittsburgh Steelers a dynamic tight-end tandem.
5688	Pathy is a stablecoin expert, formerly the VP for Asia Pacific & CEO for Singapore at Circle, best known for USDC.
5689	Patients should avoid known triggers for flare ups and use emollients.
5690	Patients tend to have better health outcomes – shorter hospital stays and lower mortality rates – when the ratio of nurses to patients is higher, according to a study that looked at 2018 data from 87 acute care hospitals in Illinois.
5691	Patricia Pitt, resident at the home said: ‘I absolutely loved the Salsa dancing!
5692	Pat said the elderly people at the centre really appreciate the effort the pupils go to.
5693	Pat, the ultra-marathon runner and former federal MP, said a prison officer "reached out to me and said Wayne wanted to give back to the community like I had".
5694	Patton says this event was born from her personal experience.
5695	Pauline will be sadly missed by her family and many friends.
5696	Pavements are inevitably narrow and, in the case of many, uneven and so dangerous if you meet walkers coming toward you.
5697	Payday 3's next update will introduce quickplay and player merging to improve the game's multiplayer experience.
5698	Payne’s death at the age of 31 dominated news headlines after the One Direction star fell from a third story hotel balcony in Buenos Aires, Argentina on 16 October.
5699	PCC bought the 7,700 solar installations Empower had completed by the time it went into administration in 2021.
5700	PedroD says: "Yet they want to build and staff a brand new visitor centre at Moel Famau vs closing a popular tourist venue at Coed y Brenin… no joined up thinking there at all"
5701	Peer forces are deploying advanced 5-generation fighters like China’s J20 and Su-57 in Russia.
5702	Peloton is looking for “properties that have the potential to interest a major mining company, either early on as a joint venture partner or ultimately to take us over,” said Ellwood.
5703	Pembroke Day — one of the university’s longest-running traditions — results from collaborative efforts between the university and the Town of Pembroke.
5704	Pending the decision of the Chief Executive on the suspension, PhilHealth said it will continue to enforce the scheduled 5-percent premium rate this year from the 4 percent in the previous year.
5705	Pennington added Monday afternoon that teams of workers are taking turns to rest after grueling hours of searching.
5706	Pennington was in the squad for all three games in that series without making what would have been an international debut, and pulled a hamstring on Friday while making his first appearance for Northern Superchargers in the Hundred.
5707	People also said they wished it wouldn't change.
5708	People, and pets,” they wrote.
5709	People are living longer and their neurological issues are becoming more complicated.
5710	People are now realising that the BJP, the TDP, and the YSRCP are all non-performers.
5711	People are terrified of knives - as they are dangerous weapons.
5712	“People arrive at the airport with their visitor permit.
5713	People come to because the best hospitals in Maharashtra are in Mumbai.
5714	People gather at the Voortrekker Monument during a protest against the Bela education bill, in Pretoria, on 5 November 2024.
5715	People go to look for what to eat and find death instead with danger lurking everywhere.
5716	People have plenty of information.
5717	'People in research studies are very well supported and monitored, often more so than patients being treated outside of a clinical trial.
5718	“People migrate for many reasons and frequently don’t have safe, orderly and legal ways to do it,” said Giuseppe Loprete, chief of mission in Panama for the U.N.’s International Organization for Immigration.
5719	People read that, take two seconds to think and still go ahead to consume me.
5720	People showed a bit of swagger to take people on.
5721	People stand before my paintings and cry.
5722	People were looking at me like I was the Joker from Batman.”
5723	People were quick to comment on the video, with one asking: "Doesn't it hurt?"
5724	‘People were staring at us.
5725	People who prefer a more temperate climate will find the Algarve appealing because of its pleasant summers and mild winters, although its northern counterpart is colder and experiences a lot of rainfall.
5726	"People who work shifts tend to have shorter and poorer quality sleep during the day".
5727	People with allergies to tea, or certain strains of bacteria and yeast should avoid the drink completely,” said Vedika Premani, clinical dietician, Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital.
5728	Pep Guardiola isn't finished there though, Jeremy Doku has been hooked with Meto Kovacic replacing him.
5729	Pep Guardiola said he was 'delighted' to see Kevin De Bruyne back on the pitch after his five-month injury lay-off and credited the 32-year-old with being a 'game changer' following Manchester City's victory over Huddersfield.
5730	Pep Guardiola's side worked the ball around the box as they patiently waited for a breakthrough, and a moment of magic from Kevin De Bruyne created the goal.
5731	Pepper eluded Tom Beattie for a jumper from the corner.
5732	Per COCOBOD: “The increase in the producer price of cocoa has become necessary to enhance the income of cocoa farmers in line with the vision of the NPP government and in response to the rising prices of cocoa on the international market.”
5733	Perfect grid so it's easy as hell to navigate.
5734	Performance metrics: Develop and share performance metrics for OHA programs, demonstrating progress and areas for improvement.
5735	Perhaps, at the end of it all, the true question will be not how long we live, but how wise and how human we remain.
5736	Perhaps it’s a chicken-and-egg situation.
5737	Perhaps more impressively, Navarro has now scored in five straight matches, making him the first Rapids player to do so since Omar Cummings in 2010.
5738	Perhaps most importantly, though, the movie is set to finally hit theaters this August.
5739	Perhaps one of the biggest challenges facing modern medicine today is drug-resistant bacteria.
5740	Perhaps the true terror lies in not knowing.
5741	Permafrost plays a crucial role in storing organic carbon, which remains locked in frozen ground.
5742	Permission was granted on Wednesday, March 13.
5743	Perplexity had teased the app earlier this month and asked users to sign up for preorders so they get a notification when the app is available.
5744	Pesutto also told Deeming she could “not hang out with these people” and raised Katherine Deves, a former Liberal candidate who ran for the seat of Warringah in the 2022 election, attending the Let Women Speak rally.
5745	Peter felt he couldn't open up to his family about his suffering and said: "As far as my family were concerned, I was doing great.
5746	Peters then emphasized that what they are merely asking for all nations is to observe “no change at all from the original commitments made.”
5747	Pet of the week: Kitten known as ‘snuggle…
5748	Pfau, who is also president of the Manitoba Foster Parent Association, said the system is leaning more and more on emergency shelters in part because of a lack of foster parents.
5749	Phase 1, opening February 8th, 2024, is titled From Here To There: How Do We Move Things on Land, Sea, and Air?
5750	PhD in deflection and world salad composition from World Salad College.
5751	PHENIX CITY – Things needed to go well for the Vestavia Hills High School football team to have a chance on Friday night.
5752	Philadelphia, who finished 7th in the Eastern Conference this past season, believes McCain will bring a new level of talent to their backcourt.
5753	Phil Foden was a slight doubt ahead of the Brighton match but was fit to start and scored twice, while John Stones was an unused substitute.
5754	Phillips is taking on President Joe Biden in the Democrats' primary race.
5755	Phillips signed up for peace of mind and found a new family member, to boot.
5756	Photo by Alabama Department of Revenue.
5757	Photographs had been circulated of him.
5758	Photos of Black men picking cotton in striped apparel may incite the average person’s brain to think the practice’s history resides in the era of slavery.
5759	Photos of the cast enjoying pizza with John Krasinski come to mind, and they all can’t seem to keep a straight face when they're all together.
5760	Pickering said: “What shone through for us was Gareth’s fantastic passion and vision for the game.
5761	Picking case number 13 because Mrs Goldsack daughter parked in Bay 13 when they arrived for the episode taping, high-level amounts of $50,000 and $75,000 were selected, leaving her with a first bank offer of $1511.
5762	Picking up a hammer they were examining, he might say, directly and respectfully, “Pardon me, Ladies”—as if he were speaking to my mother-in-law and me when we got in the way.
5763	Picton Mahoney Asset Management acquired a new stake in American Woodmark in the second quarter valued at $71,000.
5764	Pictured in a detailed latex mask to reprise his role as the Ghoul, Goggins captioned his post on Instagram: "Back in the saddle.
5765	Pictured is author JK Rowling.
5766	Pilots will be carried out in 'selected areas' across the city this year, the leadership said.
5767	Pimblett looked the part of a star in his first three fights with the UFC, racking up stoppage wins in each of those contests while picking up three “Performance of the Night” bonuses.
5768	Pinault once said Gucci might have “the same potential as Louis Vuitton over time”.
5769	Pine martens were once widespread across the UK before habitat loss and persecution left only small and fragmented populations, mostly in northern England, Scotland, and parts of Wales.
5770	Piper Sandler boosted their target price on eBay from $50.00 to $52.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 28th.
5771	Piper Sandler Companies downgraded shares of Apple to a “neutral” rating and decreased their price objective for the company from $220.00 to $205.00 in a report on Thursday, January 4th.
5772	Pipes ready to be laid circa 1971 near Kambah Homestead to divert Village Creek underground.
5773	Piszczek started to push forward in an attempt to level once again, but Blaszczykowski, in typical Klopp style, managed to add a fifth and put the result beyond any doubt.
5774	Pitchers for the Astros combine for the 11th-ranked WHIP in the majors (1.241).
5775	Place an empty baking sheet in the oven.
5776	Place the chicken in a roasting pan and cook for 30 minutes, uncovered.
5777	Placing protective towels and containers like Tupperware or buckets beneath the radiator pipes is suggested to capture any spillage.
5778	Plagued by neck tension?
5779	Plans come with symmetrical upload and download speeds, an advantage not available with cable internet, plus unlimited data and no equipment fees.
5780	Plans for the DNC Convention in Chicago This Summer Include: …
5781	Planting bulbs properly ensures strong root development and healthy blooms come spring.
5782	Plasencia’s lawyer has said his client properly prescribed and administered ketamine to Perry.
5783	Players are over to the touchline.
5784	Players can also spot the likes of local money business True Potential and - following a nominations process earlier in the year - the charities St Oswald’s Hospice, The Alan Shearer Foundation and Newcastle Cat & Dog Shelter.
5785	Players can enjoy safe gaming at licensed sites that follow strict regulations.
5786	Players can get a combination of ball designs, hats, and other designs to harken back to the Roman and Greek gods and creatures of old, like Hermes and Madusa, along with a new course to play.
5787	Players have loved the large battles that take part in a that sees armies of knights on horseback or other medieval units clash with one another on the battlefield.
5788	Players have the opportunity to pre-order the A5 Royale Pass from January 5th to November 13th, during which they will be rewarded generously.
5789	Players will also be able to dismiss recruited companions from the party, while Shield Bash and Rebuke of the Mighty have also been fixed.
5790	Players will encounter the in Helheim, found in a Legendary Chest just after the fight with Garm.
5791	PLAY TEAMSHEET: Can YOU remember the Manchester City team that thrashed Manchester United 6-1 in shock.
5792	"Please accept our apologies for any inconvenience caused."
5793	Please be aware this is causing severe delays.
5794	Please come and stuff with us,” Gondek said.
5795	Please conduct further research and due diligence before making buy or sell decisions.
5796	Please continue to use the healthcare service which best suits your needs, including NHS 111 online or call 111 for urgent health advice as normal.
5797	Please Don’t Destroy: The Treasure of Foggy Mountain (2023) follows three friends named Martin, Ben, and John as they navigate…
5798	Please note: Tickets are reserved but not guaranteed until payment has been received.
5799	Plenty more came in here but keeper David Raya confirmed his growing stature and importance with confident command of his area and an ability to use all parts of his anatomy.
5800	Plett’s Main Street continues to get attention.
5801	Plus, a discounted way to upgrade the internal storage of your laptop, too.
5802	Plus, it’s easily the most conspiracy-theory-T-shirt of the bunch, so if you wanna avoid conversation with your fellow eclipse viewers so you can view the cosmic wonder in silence, wearing this oughta do the trick.
5803	Plus, Ultron's goal back in "Age of Ultron" was all about evolution.
5804	Plus, you have Canyonland Trails for mountain biking as beautiful weather is enjoyed all year long.
5805	“PM Modi plotted to finish AAP and JMM, but we got stronger, and he could not topple the Delhi, Punjab, and Jharkhand governments,” Kejriwal said while addressing an election rally here.
5806	Polen Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in Novo Nordisk A/S during the third quarter valued at approximately $718,995,000.
5807	Police arrested Nakagawa after he sold the steel plates to a metal buyer.
5808	Police arrested the 13 individuals and all were released from custody several hours later, Santa Clara County sheriff’s spokesperson Brooks Jarosz said Friday.
5809	Police checked traffic tickets that had been issued in the area and traced them to Berkowitz’s car and home in nearby Yonkers.
5810	Police from Elmwood Park, Berwyn and Cicero joined Forest Park police and Chicago officers at the scene of Monday’s mass shooting.
5811	Police had instead provided a "high-level" summary that didn’t specify why charges weren’t laid.
5812	Police “harassment” has been a part and parcel of Guyanese life ever since the Police Force was formed in 1839!
5813	Police have arrested four men - three on suspicion of attempted murder and another for affray.
5814	Police have said he was at school Wednesday morning but didn’t make it to class after a breakfast program.
5815	Police investigating the murder of 28-year-old Zanele Sibanda are appealing for five men to come forward as they are believed to be key witnesses.
5816	Police later said an investigation had produced no evidence of a threat.
5817	POLICE officers were dispatched to search a railway line this morning, Thursday.
5818	Police said in a statement on Twitter: "A hostage situation involving several people is underway in a building in the centre.
5819	Police said the victim's condition is "not believed to be life-threatening at this time".
5820	Police said they are still trying to determine the motive for the attack.
5821	Police set up a crime scene after a stabbing in Merewether on Friday morning.
5822	Police spokesperson said: "The rider was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital, where he remains in a serious condition.
5823	Political jabs against Trump could pause.
5824	Politicians and others often use the word "childless" as an umbrella term for people who do not have children.
5825	Politicians in this municipality have had their fair share of controversy regarding their treatment of vulnerable residents in the city.
5826	‘Politics can be rough’
5827	Polling shows many plan to do so again in 2024.
5828	POLL: Who is your least favourite UK political party leader?
5829	Polly admitted she would ‘switch’ to Hannah’s husband Stephen if she had the chance, claiming he’s better at showing emotion than her husband.
5830	Polyamorous people may already have another word for some symbiosexual people ― they’re known as “unicorns,” a term which “typically refers to bisexual, queer women who are willing to engage in dynamics with heterosexual couples,”
5831	Pope Francis said the Lord, offering himself in the simplicity of bread, “invites us not to waste our lives in chasing the myriad illusions that we think we cannot do without, yet that leave us empty within”.
5832	Pope made an unbeaten 148 to drag England right back into the first Test against India.
5833	Poppy can read just about anything in sight, no matter how long the words are.
5834	“Pop’s a great player,” Maye said.
5835	Popular Kannada actor Darshan Thoogudeepa and several other celebrities have been served notices by police for partying past the 1 am deadline at a north Bengaluru pub where they gathered to celebrate the success of his film Kaatera.
5836	Populations, buildings, infrastructure, industries, navigation systems, cultural resources, ecosystems, coastal landscapes, and natural processes are at risk in areas with low coastal resiliency.
5837	Portland councillor Paul Kimber said he welcomed the proposal saying that the jobs it would generate would be important to the South Dorset economy.
5838	Port united's Charlie Suttle was named MVP in the final.
5839	Posad-Pokrovske, in the Kherson region, was occupied by Russians for most of 2022, before they were driven out by the Ukrainian army.
5840	Position the tree away from heat sources like radiators or fireplaces, which can accelerate drying and increase risk.
5841	“Positive change can only be delivered by working together in the Executive and the Assembly and this election provides an opportunity to send a clear message about the type of future that we want.”
5842	Possibly Labour peers are making the same assumption.
5843	Post working for Blair, he continued to advise governments and in 2019, he was famously expelled from the Labour party after he admitted he had not voted for the party for the first time in his life, in disgust at the party's stance on Brexit.
5844	Povești de cumpărături în social media: Utilizați Circle to Search în cadrul anunțurilor dvs. cu story-uri din social media.
5845	Prabhu shared a selfie in a brown sweatshirt.
5846	Practically speaking, this might mean being blithely tender and unpredictably heartful as you emanate your dazzling glow.
5847	Premier Wab Kinew, centre, speaks as Prime Minister Justin Trudeau listens during a news conference in Winnipeg on Thursday.
5848	PREMIUM TIMES reported that NNPC's petrol stations across Nigeria increased their pump price of petrol from about N600 to about N897.
5849	Preparing for the Christmas rush, the market’s decorations went up this week, including around its historic Academy Street entrance.
5850	Prescription: Ice Cream has also shifted part of his personal universe into a new direction.
5851	Presently, Oda has revealed the Devil Fruit powers of almost every single member of the Blackbeard Pirates, save for a few exceptions.
5852	President Biden and Hicks were not informed of January's visit until three days into his hospital stay.
5853	President Bola Ahmed Tinubu has announced, the passing of Nigeria’s Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Taoreed Abiodun Lagbaja, at the age of 56.
5854	President Bola Tinubu, yesterday, declared a seven-month free train ride for passengers, as he performed the presidential flag-off of commercial operation of phase 1 of the Abuja light rail service, also known as Abuja Metro Rail till December.
5855	President Cyril Ramaphosa has come under fire after his address to the nation on Sunday, with many accusing him of abusing his power.
5856	President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania left the White House for Texas early Tuesday.
5857	President Dr Lazarus Chakwera has appointed Dr Michael Bizwick Usi as the country’s Vice President with immediate effect.
5858	President Ilham Aliyev attended opening of new highway built on the site of "Javanshir" bridge -
5859	President Joe Biden, like President Trump before him, has been pushing for the creation of an alliance between the U.S., Saudi Arabia and Israel, bounded by the shared mission of countering a predatory Iranian regime on the verge of a nuclear breakout.
5860	President Joe Biden signed into law Wednesday, beginning a 270-day countdown for a sale or a US prohibition of the popular video-sharing platform.
5861	President Michael D Higgins lays a wreath during the National Day of Commemoration Ceremony.
5862	President of domestic marketing and distribution JJ Caruth says the box office success of “Land of Bad” is a strong signal that audiences are hungry for more action-packed movies.
5863	President of the ORSCA Mitch Bacchus congratulated 4040 WIBS and also shared similar sentiments to Phoenix X1 having participated in the championship encounter.
5864	President Tinubu Orders Immediate Rescue Of Kidnap Victims,.
5865	Preston Crown Court was told Mr Wellings had Ms Dawes' name tattooed on his neck within a week of meeting her and had been violent towards the Fleetwood mother-of-one during the relationship.
5866	Presumably toffs do because they see their own lives portrayed – in Jilly Cooper's case, with verve and humour.
5867	Pretty much across the board,” Westgate SuperBook vice president Jay Kornegay said.
5868	Pretty straight forward equation.
5869	Previously, this effort would take hours of dedicated time and advanced expertise.
5870	Price, a master carver who was born in Juneau, grew up in Haines.
5871	Prices start from as little as £10, and a whole host of these can be easily stored under your bed or sofa, so don’t start to fret if you haven’t got your own dedicated gym room (we can dream).
5872	Prima facie, it appears to be due to less calorie intake,” the letter read.
5873	Prime Minister Keir Starmer moved in lockstep with his top economic spokesperson throughout the election campaign, hammering home the message that Labour could be trusted with the nation’s finances after years of Conservative rule.
5874	Prime minister Marape said this change was timely given the country is approaching its 50th anniversary next year.
5875	Prime Minister Rishi Sunak speaks during a visit to the MyPlace Youth Centre in Mansfield.
5876	Prime time featured a rousing speech by the wrestling legend Hulk Hogan, a song by Kid Rock and a speech by Dana White, the chief executive of the Ultimate Fighting Championship — all as warm-up acts before Trump delivered his acceptance speech.
5877	Prince Harry and Meghan Markle created an "emotional drought" following their major shift in their strategy this year, a body language expert has claimed.
5878	Princess Diana Once Claimed THIS is Why Her Marriage With Prince Charles ‘Went Down the Drain’
5879	Princess Margaret returns to Clarence House October 17, 1955 after a weekend in the country where Group Captain Peter Townsend was also a guest.
5880	Prior to tearing her meniscus in her right knee against the Mystics on June 6, Williams had never sustained a season-ending injury in her professional career.
5881	Proceeds from the race will support pediatric diabetes patients throughout the valley.
5882	Production in Q1, however, was 1,728 vehicles, a 25% decline from last year.
5883	Production of the varieties is being centralized by Monster, the company that acquired Deep Ellum Brewing as part of a much larger deal with Canarchy in 2022.
5884	Professor Andrew Wren also addressed the event to outline the Trust’s vision and support for staff as new schools are expected to join this academic year.
5885	Prof Millar said Scots’ pronunciation, including use of Rs, can make their English easier to understand.
5886	Project 2025 seeks to staff the second Trump campaign with loyalists who would implement Trump’s 2016 promises pertaining to immigration, trade and war.
5887	Projects that use existing transmission rights of way would receive a categorical exclusion from the National Environmental Policy Act, allowing a less thorough environmental review.
5888	Promises have been made to reimburse those affected as scrutiny is underway in the 's blunder in failing to provide enhanced mobility payments.
5889	& Property sector is booming, driven by positive economic conditions and ambitious government initiatives.
5890	Proposals in the Manifesto include drawing up a Northern trade and investment strategy and developing ‘Northern Products’ in areas such as clean energy to market worldwide.
5891	ProPublica reached out to Centene and the subsidiary that oversaw Ravi’s plan more than two dozen times and sent them both a detailed list of questions.
5892	ProPublica reporter Kavitha Surana, with her baby, reporting on maternal health in Georgia.
5893	Prosecutor Mr Muller previously stated, "Oliveira undoubtedly established himself in massage and was successful.
5894	Prosecutor, Mr Porter said the defendant searched a cleaning cupboard in the Forest suite, which is a function room.
5895	Protecting the football: Minnesota has turned the rock over four times in its past six games and only twice in four December affairs.
5896	Protesters also gathered outside the French court as the three police officers who stopped Mr Luhaka were on trial.
5897	Protesters faced off with the police during an antigovernment demonstration in Nairobi, Kenya, on Tuesday.
5898	“Providing Boston sports fans with a multitude of ways to engage with our brand, platforms, and on-air personalities continues to be a priority for us.
5899	Pruning involves selectively removing parts of plants (branches, buds, spent flowers, etc) to manipulate the plant for horticultural and landscape purposes.
5900	Psychology’s optimization recommendations also bore this addendum.
5901	Public Easter events have been cancelled across the country, with the government urging the public to respect lockdown measures by celebrating the holiday in their homes.
5902	Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado now owns 482,399 shares of the company’s stock valued at $20,053,000 after acquiring an additional 479,639 shares in the last quarter.
5903	Public Interest Legal Foundation wants Nevada election officials to take action to update voter registration rolls that show voters residing at commercial addresses such as strip clubs and fast-food joints.
5904	Public Sector Pension Investment Board cut its position in shares of Monster Beverage Co. () by 97.5% in the third quarter, according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
5905	Pueblo’s police department also fatally shot three people in 2024, up from two people in 2023.
5906	Pure Residential and Commercial, organising the works, have been in close consultation with Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board and will operate traffic signals to give priority to emergency vehicles approaching the hospital.
5907	Purple outnumbered crimson in the crowd, but it was the Cougars sticking around for the post-game celebration.
5908	Purposefully designed to make you glance at them.
5909	Pushpa 2 is now officially the highest-grossing Hindi film of 2024!
5910	“Putco is working closely with the authorities to conduct a comprehensive investigation into the cause of the fire.
5911	Puth said evidence was presented during the eight-day civil trial that the McDonald’s had knowingly hired other immigrant employees who did not have legal authorization to work and never held that against them.
5912	Putin denied he had any interest in attacking NATO countries, like Poland and the Baltic states, in his controversial interview with Tucker Carlson.
5913	Putting an infant to bed is tough enough, but it's an extra challenge when you're in an unfamiliar place and don't have your usual tools on hand.
5914	Python Essentials For Dummies, from Wiley, usually retails for $10 but BetaNews readers can get it entirely free for a limited time.
5915	Qahraman also told them he did not have legal representation during his interrogations.
5916	Q: I’m a shareholder in a large co-op in Queens.
5917	Q My son has been driving for several years now, and I’m encouraging him to sit the test to get his full licence.
5918	QUALCOMM Incorporated has a 12 month low of $104.33 and a 12 month high of $217.43.
5919	Quebec announced in October that people who have conditions such as dementia or Alzheimer’s disease will be able to request MAID before their mental capacity declines.
5920	Quebec provincial police say a collision in the province's Outaouais region this morning has left a 22-year-old man dead and four others seriously injured.
5921	Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, the longest-serving monarch in Europe, has announced that she will abdicate on January 14, 2024, marking the end of her 52-year reign.
5922	Queen Máxima will celebrate her 53rd birthday in a “small” way.
5923	QUEENSLAND Premier Steven Miles has earmarked a 20 per cent bump over 18 months for organisations like Vinnies Queensland that help people living with homelessness.
5924	Question 200 had only 2,029 votes in favor, or 39.2%, and 3,154 against, or 60.9%.
5925	Question papers for various local government recruitment exams are frequently leaked amid fierce competition for jobs in an economy where most positions are largely informal, insecure, and low-paying.
5926	Q: Will withdrawing affect my financial aid or scholarships?
5927	Rabbi Shlomo Ephraim of Prague, the Kli Yakar (1550-1619), on Leviticus 26:10, provides some hints as to the magnitude of the Messianic era.
5928	Rachael Kares, an 18-year-old senior, was wrapping up jazz band practice when she and her bandmates heard four gunshots, spaced apart.
5929	Rachael, who was 25 at the time, suffered a fractured sacrum, dislocated coccyx, and a broken toe which had to be held by pins and her second toe was amputated.
5930	Racking up a decade and a half in the food business, Natrall certainly has a wealth of information and a history of crowd-pleasing recipes to pull from.
5931	Raducanu had originally been given a wildcard into the tournament but the withdrawals have allowed her to enter off her own ranking.
5932	Raducanu takes the opening point of the third set and is pegged back to 15-15 then loses the third point of the game, slipping as he left ankle gives way.
5933	Rafael Leao’s wonder strike grabbed the headlines as Milan earned a draw against Atalanta in their last match.
5934	Rahmanullah Gurbaz (0) faced three balls before he edged to slip and was out to Jansen in the first over.
5935	Rahul won the 2019 polls from Wayanad but lost the Amethi seat in Uttar Pradesh.
5936	Raiders coach Antonio Pierce has said how well you have played this season is not talked about enough.
5937	Rail Passengers Association here has urged the railways not to reduce coaches in Salem-Mayiladuthurai express as it would affect the passengers badly.
5938	Rain began falling heavily early in the fourth term, but a strong lightning flash nearby was a cause for concern for the officials on the bench.
5939	Rain returns to the forecast on Saturday.
5940	Raleigh Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in Moody’s by 87.7% during the 3rd quarter.
5941	Rapoport also noted that Mac Jones, acquired by the Jaguars in the offseason, is the team’s backup quarterback.
5942	Rarely do you get a peek into the undercarriage of a fallen marriage.
5943	Rated PG-13 for a few swear words and a bunch of fighting and, maybe, for being a lousy time.
5944	Rates on these products are below 4% for the first time since April 2023.
5945	Rather than encourage congregants to acquire skills to enable them to offer services and products, they organise prayer programmes where they are asked to sow seed, which only enriches the pastors but depletes the poor.
5946	Rather than presenting her as a distant beauty at the heart of the Trojan War, George depicts Helen as a complex woman grappling with the consequences of her choices.
5947	Rather than stabilising the market, the ban disrupted essential market mechanisms, making it more challenging for FPOs, farmers, traders, and processors to manage risks and make informed decisions.
5948	Rawalpindi, Feb 13 (IANS) Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) will challenge the results of the February 8 general elections in the Supreme Court, said party founder Imran Khan during an informal talk with the media in Adiala jail, a media report said.
5949	Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 10,999 shares of the company’s stock valued at $383,000 after acquiring an additional 923 shares during the last quarter.
5950	RCMP are still retrieving surveillance footage from that night and have not yet located the vehicle or the ATM, Savinkoff said.
5951	Reach's brands include national titles The Mirror, Daily Express, Daily Star and Daily Record in Scotland, as well as major local titles The Manchester Evening News, The Liverpool Echo and WalesOnline.
5952	Reacting to the incident, Atiku, on his X handle, sympathised with Tinubu, who is his political rival.
5953	Reacting to the Wednesday proceedings, the NUJ President, Chris Isiguzo thanked the court for refusing to bow to the pressures from the claimant to grant an intermediate order.
5954	Reactions trail Young Jonn and Bimbo Ademoye's roles in 'Stronger' video.
5955	Reading were indebted to goalkeeper Joel Pereira for making several good saves, particularly in the first half, to keep the game goalless.
5956	Real estate, energy, industrials, financials, telecommunications, materials and staples all closed down, with staples leading the fall with a 4.25 per cent collapse.
5957	Really bummed out it won’t be back for Season 3 even if it didn’t end on a cliffhanger.
5958	Really excited to see this relationship continue to grow and flourish."
5959	Real Madrid goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois has described Endrick as a replica of Eden Hazard.
5960	Reasons such as the one's above, are part of the reason why Hays Dental Group offers this free Hays Dental Days event.
5961	Rebecca Trayers, a bartender at the Waterfall Bar & Grille in Canton, said she knew of John O’Keefe and had seen him at the bar a couple of times prior to Jan.
5962	Rebuilds are difficult, especially two or three seasons in. The Ducks are now six seasons removed from their last playoff berth and finally seem to be moving forward, slowly.
5963	Recall that the Nigerian international who opened seven minutes before the break, when Troost-Ekong nodded home his third goal of the tournament.
5964	Recently, China issued a regulation permitting its coast guard to detain foreigners “trespassing” at the West Philippine Sea.
5965	Recently, real estate website Zillow looked at the best markets for new college graduates based on an analysis of the 100 largest U.S. metro areas.
5966	Recently, the case has been dismissed and the judgment by Judge Honeywell states, "Defendant's (Meghan Markle) motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim is granted.
5967	Recently the Opportunity Center has made it more accessible by adding moveable benches and greater access to the facility.
5968	‘Recently, we’ve had news about the higher education fees potentially going up and we’ve had lots of news about VAT being applied to certain schools, and that gets lots of coverage, both TV coverage and print coverage.
5969	Recent offerings from regional banks range from 4.50% to 5.35% annual yield, but have a minimum deposit amount of $5,000.
5970	Recent water line failures in Rawlins highlighted the need for infrastructure improvement.
5971	Reconstruction began almost immediately, and while the sanctuary is not yet fully renovated, the performance is “a great opportunity for people to see the monumental progress that has occurred,” Bedroske said.
5972	Recording duo Goldpine will sing the national anthem while the Topeka Police Department Honor Guard will present the colors.
5973	Recovering himself, Professor Roberts confronts Dane, telling him he must decide whether to be good or evil.
5974	RedBird IMI is an investment fund majority-owned by Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan, vice president of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and owner of Manchester City Football Club.
5975	Red Bull has maintained a lead in the constructors’ championship for four years.
5976	Red stickered items are most commonly found at opening and closing times.
5977	Reducing levies will lead to more investible surplus with companies that can be invested in recovery technologies,” said one of the top officials, who did not wish to be quoted.
5978	“Reducing road deaths and collisions isn’t solely the job of the police, of course we rely on working in partnership with those who maintain and manage our road networks and traffic calming measures.
5979	Reed also is a social media consultant and public speaker.
5980	Reed diffusers are generally less expensive than electric ones, which makes sense considering electric diffusers can be reused again and again with new oils once they run out.
5981	Reeves adjourned the case to Dec. 10 to schedule a new trial date.
5982	Reeves said Johnson’s wallpapergate was about “transparency”.
5983	Referencing a Scorsese, Campion or Spielberg brings to mind a recognisable style and storied body of work.
5984	Reflecting on his past, the now 75 year old laments the years lost to indulgence during the peak of his stardom in the 1970s: "I was the king of the world, a rock star and I had the biggest party ever.
5985	Refugees from children to the elderly waved placards and chanted slogans on Sunday in the camps in Cox’s Bazar, demanding an end to violence and their safe return to Myanmar.
5986	Refused to be walked over (Picture: Getty/Metro.
5987	Regardless, he has Pro Bowl-level talent.
5988	Regardless of how you approach it, there are three types of ghosts for you to face off against.
5989	Regardless of who said it, did they really mean that the team didn’t know “which direction the offense was headed”?
5990	Regardless, unaffiliated voters should strongly consider Haley.
5991	Regardless, you might wind up with duplicate entries in a given spreadsheet, which can throw off the average, total, or whatever else you're trying to gather.
5992	Regikay, Nina Romeru, Mishayla, Genie Loci, Chloe Saturday, 7.30pm, Hamilton Station Hotel.
5993	Regina tied the game up in the bottom of the sixth.
5994	Regional Project Manager Sandals Resort St. Vincent, Terence Des Vignes, says the resort will have a capacity of over six hundred guests when it officially opens in March.
5995	Registration will get underway at the Railway Station in Portarlington from 10.30am with the Tractor Run heading off at 12noon.
5996	Regular community events such as cycle training and community cycling.
5997	Regular gifts can also be made, but they must not compromise your lifestyle.
5998	Regular physical activity is essential for maintaining cardiovascular health, as a sedentary lifestyle is a risk factor for heart disease.
5999	"Regulatory bodies as also some universities have in their statutes/ordinances, historically, prescribed mandatory attendance requirements.
6000	Reichel is mother to a young son, with a girl on the way.
6001	Religion should not be practiced in your workplace.
6002	Remember, if you already own these items or choose to book accommodations for yourself each night to avoid sleeping in a car, then prices will fluctuate dramatically.
6003	Remember, no country went into World War II to save Jews.
6004	Remember that choosing to fight as Naoe or Yasuke – as well as your choice of weapon can alter these building blocks.
6005	Remembrance Day ceremonies are held across the country, from large gatherings at national monuments like the National War Memorial in Ottawa to smaller, community-led services.
6006	Reminder: Missile bases in area will likely be used to attack Israel.
6007	Remove the chicken from the pan to rest for at least 20 minutes.
6008	Removing the brake servo completely.
6009	Renewed calls have been made for the Government to release billions of pounds in funding to extend and upgrade the Bakerloo line.
6010	RENNER — Tony Lanier’s three-run homer pushed Renner past Sioux Falls during Class A district tournament action Saturday.
6011	“Renovations will start immediately and we can’t wait to bring you something phenomenal.
6012	Rep. April Berg’s proposal would dedicate revenue to housing for farmworkers and people with developmental disabilities.
6013	Rep. Chuck Edwards (R-NC) told CNN in an interview Thursday morning that he did not believe false information spread online over the past three weeks since the storm had had a significant impact on voters.
6014	Replacements were made and a forward was yellow-carded but Thorns had lost their shape and Tottonians were on top.
6015	Replace the camera and flashlight icons on the lock screen with custom controls.
6016	Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-GA) came out in support of a plan to “rescind” subpoenas for Steve Bannon and Peter Navarro — even though it would not likely have any impact on their prison sentences.
6017	Report: Ariana Madix to Take Over Sarah Hyland's Hosting Gig on 'Love Island USA'
6018	Reports from Sandown claimed sightings of overturned bins, stolen food, and confused locals but upon closer inspection, it was revealed to be… well, just Sandown.
6019	Reports swiftly emerged on Tuesday of Jake's exit, which was then teased in last night's episode (Jan 16).
6020	Representatives of FW Capital and Greencroft Homes at the site.
6021	Representing Japan at Asia Cup.
6022	Representing the COAS at the event, Major General Sani Mohammed, Chief of Training (COT) Army, emphasized the Nigerian Army’s serious approach to sporting events.
6023	Repsol pays an annual dividend of $0.86 per share and has a dividend yield of 5.7%.
6024	Republican presidential nominee former President Donald Trump brings Susie Wiles to the podium.
6025	Republicans have dominated in rural Missouri in statewide elections since 2016.
6026	Research analysts expect that Essential Utilities, Inc. will post 1.99 EPS for the current fiscal year.
6027	Research analysts expect that Hello Group Inc. will post 1.46 EPS for the current fiscal year.
6028	Research analysts forecast that Emergent BioSolutions Inc. will post -1.3 EPS for the current fiscal year.
6029	Research indicates that losing between 5% to 10% of body weight can help manage PCOS symptoms and reduce the risk of chronic conditions like diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.
6030	Research led by the University is calling for a "change in narrative" to acknowledge the factors such as poverty and debt which contribute to suicide.
6031	Reserve Bank of India’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) is likely to leave the policy repo rate unchanged at its upcoming meeting due to robust growth momentum even as it keenly awaits retail inflation to move to the 4 per cent target on a durable basis.
6032	Residences that own motorcycles and motorists should anticipate delays and will be asked to be cautious and obey the traffic control devices and seek an alternate route if possible.
6033	Residents in Sioux Lookout, Ont., do not qualify for federal tax deductions for northern residents, but efforts are being made to make the municipality eligible under the prescribed intermediate zone due to the rising cost of living.
6034	Residents of the leafy street complained about the home to multiple government departments for years but their objections fell on deaf ears.
6035	Responding officers reportedly located the shooter lying on the ground with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
6036	“Responding to the needs of our communities is a core value of our firm, and we are proud of our record in doing so.”
6037	“Rest with the angels,” the post concluded.
6038	Rezko has since served prison sentences for business and government corruption schemes that came to light in the federal investigation of Blagojevich.
6039	Rhino received an enthusiastic reception during his entrance.
6040	Richard moved to Minneapolis, after suffering a stroke, to be able to watch his two granddaughters, Lulu and Phoebe, grow up.
6041	Richardson Financial Services Inc. acquired a new position in Crown Castle in the fourth quarter valued at $30,000.
6042	Richardson skipped interviews at the mixed zone in Paris after winning silver, meaning that she couldn’t address the disappointing result or what went wrong.
6043	Riddle hit a suplex to escape.
6044	Right now, the Super 7 rotates between Tuscaloosa, Auburn and Birmingham (Protective Stadium) in a contract that runs through 2032.
6045	Riki was no exception, the only thing stopping his linguistic outpouring was the time he took to catch his breath as we arrived at our flat.
6046	Ripley headbutts Jax repeatedly and stands tall as the clock runs down for Morgan.
6047	Rishi’s good at that sort of thing.
6048	Rishi Sunak insisted he was still “fighting hard” for votes after one of his most loyal Cabinet allies said Labour is likely to win “the largest majority any party has ever achieved”.
6049	Risk Factors" in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024.
6050	Risk Management is the fastest-growing role, with vacancies surging by 135% compared to 2023.
6051	• RiverCenter for the Performing Arts features three performance spaces including its 2,000-seat Bill Heard Theatre and 430-seat Legacy Hall.
6052	River Gum Ward Cr Lynette Pereira, who told Star News last week that she would run for mayor, decided not to run.
6053	Riverside man sentenced to 21 years in federal prison for trafficking pounds of methamphetamine from Mexico into Inland Empire https://t.
6054	Rivian successfully launched production of the R1T, its first model, in a former Mitsubishi factory located in Normal, Illinois.
6055	RNC Capital Management LLC now owns 19,623 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,744,000 after acquiring an additional 603 shares during the last quarter.
6056	Road closures were put in place to allow emergency services to safely deal with the incident and carry out an examination of the scene.
6057	Roark was not confined at the time of this report.
6058	Roasted carrots, squash or sweet potatoes for salads, soups and sides.
6059	Robbie later appeared on the show himself, with the couple enjoying dates and visiting the agency together.
6060	Rob Elliot's side then won the shoot-out 5-4 after it went to sudden death.
6061	Robert's monthly pension and benefits just about cover his rent and bills, leaving him with no extra money.
6062	Robert W. Baird cut Charles River Laboratories International from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and reduced their price target for the stock from $239.00 to $191.00 in a research note on Thursday.
6063	Robson also had a stint presenting the BBC’s apocalypse-based children’s game show, Crisis Control (2009).
6064	RODERICK MITCHELL, 32, of Philadelphia, Contempt of Court – Philadelphia Municipal Court, PPD.
6065	Rodriguez said the Menards complained that management was demanding membership fees from them and restricting the couple’s pool privileges.
6066	Rohit brings Bumrah back for a final spurt.
6067	Rojem’s attorneys had argued that evidence from a cup found near the Cummings’ front door all those years ago was not enough to link him to the murder.
6068	ROME :Italy plans to set up an investment fund with an initial endowment of 1 billion euros ($1.09 billion) to promote Artificial Intelligence (AI) projects, Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni said on Tuesday.
6069	"Rome wasn't built in a day and we need to make sure that we keep building.
6070	Ronan was yards away from the home he shared with his parents and sister when Prabjeet Veadhesa and Sukhman Shergill attacked him.
6071	Rooskrantz has played a key role in elevating the status of South African gymnastics.
6072	Rooster Cogburn’s journey is as important as the external plot surrounding him, with both films fleshing out arcs of redemption, loneliness, and the cost of living outside of society.
6073	Ross is not merely adopting the stance of an outsider – he really is one.
6074	Rourke ran for touchdowns of seven and two yards.
6075	Rovers take on Galway in their first home league game this weekend after playing well against the same team on Saturday last in the All Island Cup.
6076	Rowan's rant went viral, and caused nationwide outrage.
6077	Rowlands was sentenced to a three-year community order.
6078	Royal Bank of Canada boosted their price objective on D.R. Horton from $116.00 to $142.00 and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a research note on Monday, January 22nd.
6079	Royal Bank of Canada currently has a $329.00 price objective on the medical research company’s stock.
6080	Royal Bank of Canada lifted their price objective on Arch Capital Group from $90.00 to $98.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 1st.
6081	Royal Bank of Canada lifted their price objective on shares of AZEK from $43.00 to $49.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 7th.
6082	Royal Bank of Canada raised their target price on shares of Energy Transfer from $19.00 to $20.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 16th.
6083	Roy Dennis has been made an OBE for his lifetime of dedication to protecting wildlife and reintroducing extinct species.
6084	Rubble and ash is being removed from the area, while a soil stabiliser is being applied to prevent ash and dust from dispersing.
6085	Rudofsky issued a narrowly tailored preliminary injunction preventing the state from enforcing the provision of the LEARNS Act that proscribes what can be taught in certain courses regarding race, gender and sexuality.
6086	Rudy, along with his boss and her disheveled paralegal, uncover two connected conspiracies surrounding the mysterious death of their client’s son.
6087	RUGBY LEAGUE: Warrington v Wigan – Sky Sports Action 1430, Leeds v Castleford – BBC Two 1700 and Sky Sports Action 1725.
6088	Rumors are swirling that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez may be splitting up.
6089	Rumors have connected ⁤him to ⁢ across the globe, including MLS side San Diego, Greek ⁤giants AEK Athens, Turkish club Beşiktaş, and Saudi Arabia’s Al-Ittihad.
6090	Runners of all abilities are invited to take part in the main 10K and a special one-mile ‘Zoom’ fun run will also take place for children between the age of 4-15.
6091	Runner-up member of Tres Fuegos, Kyle Fuller, spoke with Collider about his experience on 'The Circle' and what we didn’t get to see this season.
6092	Runner-up was Boss Man, a yearling bullock from James Alexander’s Jalex Herd.
6093	Russell was held without bond in the Johnston County Detention Center following his December 17 apprehension.
6094	Russia did not give them the choice to train and go to Paris.
6095	Russia’s Federal Air Transport Agency also first said the plane crashed after colliding with birds.
6096	Russia's oil industry has been another major target.
6097	Russia’s state news agency RIA Novosti quoted the Russian state-owned energy corporation, Rosatom, as saying that the project envisions building six reactors with the total capacity of 330 megawatts.
6098	Ruth admitted: 'I'm not going to lie, I’m feeling a bit drained.
6099	RUTH Burrell complains about the obscene profits the large supermarkets make ("Supermarkets smiling all the way to bank", Letters, 29/8).
6100	Ryan Wesley Routh appeared briefly in the federal court in West Palm Beach days after a grand jury handed down a five-count indictment stemming from the second attempt on Trump's life since July.
6101	Ryan Wesley Routh pays tribute to foreign citizens killed during Russia-Ukraine war in a central square in Kyiv, Ukraine, Saturday, April 30, 2022.
6102	Ryan White, the director of "Ask Dr Ruth," told Vice in 2019 that Westheimer was never someone following trends.
6103	Rybakina had been visibly struggling with what appeared to be abdominal pains during her previous match.
6104	Sabalenka had entered the competition as the second favourite for victory, having recently triumphed in the Australian Open.
6105	Sacha Bollhalder of Ovenu Salisbury has signed on to support Ralph, a 12-month-old golden retriever-labrador cross.
6106	Sadly passed away peacefully, with her loving family around her, on Saturday 29th June 2024, aged 83 years.
6107	Sadly, the populations of chimpanzees have gotten smaller and smaller due a variety of factors, and today all four of the subspecies of chimpanzees are on the endangered list.
6108	SAG-AFTRA said the bargaining group it was negotiating with included big companies like Activision, Electronic Arts, Insomniac Games, Take-Two, and WB Games, to name a few.
6109	Sainristil, though on the smaller side of things, says that he models his game after Hilton.
6110	Saint Johners can't see it filled fast enough.
6111	Sakura Internet founder and CEO Kunihiro Tanaka told Nikkei that Asian countries fear being overly dependent on overseas data centers.
6112	Salah said Gaza lacked the forensic experts needed to help identify the dead or determine what had happened to them.
6113	Sales from Asia, the UK and the US were reportedly down.
6114	Sales have decreased and prices have fallen since the pandemic, causing worry that business may become impractical without changes to state and federal laws.
6115	Salihu particularly pointed out the “poverty of time” many women face, which limits their participation in key sectors.
6116	Salt Lake City is expected to be sunny and reach a high of 77 on Saturday with a low of 50 — with similar weather in Ogden and Provo.
6117	Salt Lake Tribune: “A bill creating a process to give legislators the power to order state officials and agencies to ignore federal laws and regulations was approved by the Utah…
6118	Sam Altman, left, OpenAI’s chief executive, with Kevin Scott, Microsoft’s chief technology officer, at Microsoft’s annual development conference in Seattle in May.
6119	Sam died this week on the hit ABC soap, and as Alexis (Nancy Lee Grahn) and Jason (Steve Burton) said their final goodbyes, viewers were hit right in the gut.
6120	Sam Evans, known as the “Electric Viking” on his YouTube channel, explains the situation with a blend of urgency and practicality.
6121	Sam had an idol that was expired by now.
6122	Sampson dumped on the Spartans and took the convincing win with relentless scoring and stout defense, 50-21.
6123	Sam’s Club is going after Costco through the hearts and wallets of Gen Z shoppers.
6124	Sana was later speaking to Armaan on the same and Kritika intervened.
6125	"Sandro has an illness," he said.
6126	Sandy cherished every moment spent with Courtney, from buying her new school clothes, taking her to lunch, and watching her play softball and dance, to enjoying swims in Sandy and Roland’s pool in Framingham.
6127	“Sanjay Dhotre is our leader leader.
6128	Sanjay Dutt shared this image.
6129	Sanjiv Agarwal, who organised this year’s Travel and Tourism Fair in Kolkata highlighted that as far as international travel is concerned, there is a strong visible trend among tourists in Bengal to travel to countries with limited visa requirements.
6130	Sanna Marini's Economic Forum Speech Haunted by Artificial Intelligence – Event Expert: “Yes, It's Embarrassing”
6131	Sansa and I always had a very warm relationship.
6132	Sarada is finally getting the chance to shine in Boruto Two Blue Vortex which she never got in the prequel.
6133	Saturday afternoon the high temperature in Baltimore City is 100 followed by a high of 99 on Sunday, according to the NWS.
6134	Saturn was another mouth that we had to feed with limited capital.
6135	Saudi Arabia also had big asks, including a massive defense pact with Washington.
6136	Saved my academic career.
6137	Saving money and learning about local goods may also be enjoyable, as can browsing the markets and grocery stores in your area.
6138	SB 1253 supporters said the requirement would be easily implemented — devices already have the software.
6139	S. border crossings in early 2022 in opposition to COVID-19 vaccine mandates.
6140	Scarborough’s girls placed first as well and were led by individual champion Laurel Driscoll (19:58.
6141	Scattergories aim to develop unique words or phrases that fit the given categories, starting with a specific alphabet letter.
6142	Schaar came in ninth in Shanghai, picking up a chunk of valuable points, but not quite enough to put him in prime position to qualify for the U.S. Olympic skateboarding team.
6143	Scholz told reporters during President Biden’s visit to Berlin last week, “We are making sure that NATO does not become a party to the war, so that this war does not turn into a much greater catastrophe.”
6144	School - The Stanway School Emma told ITV’s Good Morning Britain: “I was very naive going into it, we handed our phones in, and we obviously needed some form of communication so we had a brick phone for three weeks.
6145	Schroder Investment Management Group raised its position in AMC Networks by 2.0% in the 4th quarter.
6146	Schwartz was “blown away” by the praise.
6147	Scientists Tuesday say that fits with what climate change is doing to Earth.
6148	Scored by Jonathan Huberdeau with 05:33 remaining in the 3rd period.
6149	Scores were very close at the top of the leaderboard, with 10 players within 5 shots of the leader on 36. Then there was an absolute log jam of 16 ladies only another few shots behind.
6150	Scotiabank cut their price target on shares of UDR from $49.00 to $48.00 and set a “sector perform” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, November 14th.
6151	Scotiabank dropped their price target on Chevron from $195.00 to $180.00 and set a “sector outperform” rating on the stock in a research report on Friday, July 12th.
6152	Scotiabank reaffirmed a “sector perform” rating and set a $35.00 target price (up previously from $31.00) on shares of HashiCorp in a report on Thursday, April 25th.
6153	Scotland's Connor Syme is the co-leader going into the final round of the SDC Championship.
6154	Scotland switched off and were, frankly, fortunate not to see the whole house of cards come crumbling down around them.
6155	Scotland will then face over 30cm of snowfall the next day, and North West England and Wales again face a blast.
6156	Scottish football continues to turn blind eyes shamefully to its inability to produce and develop first-team players to a point that will properly assist the national team to grow.
6157	Scott, who says he was once offered £3,000 for Frosty, explained: "He has visits randomly of people just coming in to say hello.
6158	Scribbyo supports content creation in 37 languages and offers more than 50 content-type templates to help you get started.
6159	Sea/land breezes expected today.
6160	Seamless integration: The RSA iShield Key 2 series easily integrates with RSA ID Plus and RSA ID Plus for Government, giving you full control over your IAM strategy and enhancing federal-private sector collaboration.
6161	Sean Payton has a worse record with the Broncos than Wade Phillips and Dan Reeves but is treated as a God.
6162	Season 3 of the show extends the captivating narrative across 4 intense episodes, immersing Max and Jake in a turbulent odyssey returning to Edinburgh.
6163	Season two of the show, about Paul’s daily assignments for an underfunded ethnic paper that few read, arrives on Peacock April 10. It features a sukkah and etrog subplot.
6164	Seattle’s minimum pay law, one of the first in the nation designed for independent contractors who deliver food, went into effect in January.
6165	Sebastiani said the company has spoken to many game studios about the opportunity with the program and it has started reviewing 50 submissions.
6166	Second place on the weekend went to the Christian drama series The Chosen.
6167	Seconds into the video, the couple showed how labourers started working on their dream home foundation.
6168	Second, the bowl’s increased maintenance needs cannot go unmentioned.
6169	Second-year signal caller Bryce Young was benched earlier on in the season for veteran Andy Dalton.
6170	See how your lawn is getting on after September’s intensive therapy, too.
6171	"Seeing people here working together this morning overshadows anything that happened last night.”
6172	Seemingly such a simple text.
6173	Seen as a potential final before the final, many pundits are of the opinion that whoever emerges victorious from this encounter between lion and elephant will be hard to stop from lifting the coveted trophy.
6174	Seen now as a pioneer, Welldon said the reason Kool took to the seas was more about pragmatism than feminism.
6175	See this as a fridge-raid recipe: if you have any carrots, sweet potatoes, parsnips, beetroots or courgettes that need using up, they’d work well instead of (or as well as) the squash.
6176	Seguin has no points on the power play.
6177	's eighth at the Euros, moving him joint-top in the competition's history alongside Karel Poborsky.
6178	Selected No. 3 overall by the in the 2018 draft, Darnold was projected by NFL scouts as a prospect who would thrive in the pros because of his strong arm and movement skills.
6179	Sell-side analysts anticipate that Truist Financial Co. will post 3.36 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
6180	Senate Bill 3471 was sponsored by State Senator Elgie R. Sims Jr. (17th District –Chicago) and State Representative Jehan Gordon-Booth (92nd District – Peoria).
6181	Senator Eileen Flynn asked the NCCA what could be done to counter misinformation currently being spread about sex education.
6182	Sen. Bob Menendez seeks dismissal of criminal charges.
6183	'Send me the border bill.
6184	Senior officials who had been giving Trump the same advice bristled at what they saw as an intrusion into their territory.
6185	Senior Superintendent Isaac Mahamba told that metro police and the South African Police Service (Saps) are jointly investigating the possibility of a hijacking syndicate operating in the Winterveldt area.
6186	SEOUL (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics said on Wednesday it has named Jun Young-hyun as the new head of its memory chip business and co-CEO of the company, while Han Jin-man will become the head of the foundry business with a promotion to…
6187	Separately, YouTube became the first streaming platform to pass 10% of all TV usage.
6188	Sept. 28 (UPI) -- Hurricane Helene killed more than 50 and plunged more than 4 million into darkness with power outages that could last several weeks across 10 states.
6189	September 24, 2019 – House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announces the beginning of an impeachment inquiry whistleblower complaint.
6190	Series two sees the pair travel to the islands to meet the even hardier wild swimmers in those communities.
6191	Seriously though, how could one possibly vote Democrat in current day America?
6192	Service and March will commence at at the World War I Memorial Hall.
6193	Service to be held in Farnham, Surrey.
6194	Sessions will be held on the Impact Stage on Monday, October 21 and Tuesday, October 22.
6195	Seth tries to fight back but Jinder hits a clothesline.
6196	Set in a Chicago sandwich shop, The Bear follows Carmy Berzatto, a young professionally trained chef who returns to take over his family business after the unexpected death of his brother.
6197	‘’Seven Polish students who were taking part in an exchange programme in Bayero University, Kano, were arrested for taking photographs during the protest.
6198	Several analysts have commented on CAR shares.
6199	Several brokerages have recently commented on F. Evercore ISI raised Ford Motor to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, July 26th.
6200	Several brokerages have recently weighed in on UBS.
6201	Several current and former Pittsburgh Steelers will attend the annual “ManUp” Conference held June 8 at the Victory Family Church in Cranberry.
6202	Several equities analysts recently issued reports on GOOG shares.
6203	Several footballers including the likes of England internationals and Kyle Walker, Dele Alli, Leon Bailey and Damarai Gray have been pictured with laughing gas before.
6204	Several freezes and cuts were announced by Ms Reeves, such as a 1.7 per cent cut to draught duty and a freeze to fuel duty.
6205	Several members of the Combat Veterans Motorcycle Association Chapter 34-4 attended the groundbreaking ceremony.
6206	Several notable additions and improvements include ML.
6207	Several other analysts followed Barclay’s lead and also downgraded Apple’s stock.
6208	Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of GLW.
6209	“Several Republicans are planning to run for state Rep. Aaron Kaufer’s seat in the House amid speculation that the Republican incumbent will not seek another term this year.”
6210	Several research analysts recently commented on BKR shares.
6211	Several research firms have recently weighed in on MS.
6212	Several social media posts wrongly singled Bowen out as the alleged aggressor, using the video as an example of “typical” Democrat behavior.
6213	Several Syrian civilians were injured as a result of shrapnel from Syrian air defense missiles that fell on their heads.
6214	Seychelles, with its strategic location and conducive business environment, is eager to enhance economic ties with Korea.
6215	’s final episode, Newhart’s character, Dick Loudon, is struck on the head by a golf ball and collapses.
6216	SG Americas Securities LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Intrepid Potash in the third quarter valued at about $142,000.
6217	Shabbo Khatoon said, "I filled water but I didn't get much.
6218	Shakespeare: The Man Who Pays the Rent, by Judi Dench.
6219	Shakira and Lewis Hamilton at Shakira’s birthday party last night ❤️.
6220	Shanghai will be the fourth stop in the exhibition’s global tour, after its first international debut at the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne, Australia, in 2021.
6221	Shaped by a seasonal abundance of great local produce, Carlotta's menu has been designed in close collaboration between Lucas and Glenn.
6222	Shaq is obviously entitled to his opinion.
6223	Shared wards are another challenge for seriously ill patients, Prof O’Reilly said.
6224	Shareholders of record on Friday, June 28th will be paid a $1.47 dividend.
6225	Shareholders of record on Monday, November 4th were paid a $0.67 dividend.
6226	Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 15th will be given a dividend of 0.37 per share by the industrial products company on Thursday, February 29th.
6227	Shareholders of record on Thursday, November 21st were paid a $0.54 dividend.
6228	Shareholders of record on Tuesday, July 30th were given a dividend of $0.70 per share.
6229	Share or comment on this article: Donald Trump issues a brutal assessment of former prime minister Kevin Rudd: 'Not the brightest bulb'
6230	Share or comment on this article: England fan, 23, celebrating team's Euro win over Slovakia crashed into pub and died in fireball after police chase as grieving mother says it was 'the worst decision of his life'
6231	Share or comment on this article: Prince Harry and Meghan were 'snubbed' from the Royal Family's annual summer trip to Balmoral Castle amid 'deepening rift with King Charles'
6232	Share or comment on this article: You're royally mistaken!
6233	Shares are trading in a range of between -4% and +6% in the last six months.
6234	Shares today trade for a staggering 382.5 times forward earnings.
6235	Sharif’s party controls 75 seats and the Bhutto Zardaris have 54. There are five more seats yet to be announced and the election for one constituency has been delayed.
6236	Sharing an emotional video on social media, Charlotte opened up about her decision to disclose the identity of her baby’s father.
6237	Sharing highlights, suggestions, and playlists with friends and followers is made easier with integration with social media sites, elevating the overall experience.
6238	Sharing the happy news, Shane wrote online: "I said YES!
6239	She actually went three times in about three and a half hours.
6240	She added, “I also tried out for ‘The Voice.’
6241	She added: “If you are in your life, and you are dealing with chronic pain, day in day out, night in night out, then that is a hell of a thing to deal with, but I am self-conscious talking to you today about it.”
6242	She added: 'My father-in-law was told it wouldn't make a huge loss.
6243	She added that she has no idea why someone would want to break into their home.
6244	She added that the north’s ambulance service is “”, going on to list several other problems the service currently faces.
6245	She added: “The Hillpark Secondary pupils raised a lot of great ideas, big and small.”
6246	She added: “The second half of 2024 seems likely to be slow to change gear, despite the energy of a probable new government, with any noticeable changes not likely to be felt until 2025.
6247	She added: “Worst case scenario, I would have advised him to plead ‘No Contest.’
6248	She added: "You’re a woman after my own heart about food if only I had the same energy and motivation as you Jane."
6249	She admits that Black women haven’t been beating down the doors to join the Voices study yet.
6250	She agreed to take me.
6251	She alleged White was abusive and claimed his home was not in a fit condition to have their daughter.
6252	She also acknowledges the impact of comedian Billy Connolly, particularly his use of their shared Scottish accent and culture.
6253	She also had three assists, three steals and two blocked shots.
6254	She also started playing rec lacrosse when she was in first grade.
6255	She also told the Scotsman newspaper: “You take things as they come.
6256	She also warned against a shift away from traditional resumes, with more employers requesting video applications.
6257	She also worked in various capacities with David Bowie, Herbie Hancock, the Sugarcubes and Sinead O’Connor.
6258	She always works to provide excellence in mark-making and compositional strategies.
6259	She and her boyfriend contemplated moving to a different city, but then they decided to purchase a home last October.
6260	She and her group are also encouraging people to go out more and support local trade after insular living became a norm during Covid.
6261	She and her one-of-a-kind toffee bars will be greatly missed by her family.
6262	She and the children were out of town when Maureen vanished in July 2007 and have not been charged.
6263	She appealed to government at all levels, community and religious leaders, private and international organisations, philanthropists, media and other wealthy individuals to support the centre.
6264	She claimed that she was raped by the suspect, who is from Guwahati, Assam, India, and was also staying at the property on the same night.
6265	She complained there was no space for her to rest her tired feet while having a bite to eat in the summit café.
6266	She continued, "Yes, he's robbing them.
6267	She couldn't tolerate anyone touching her and had become acutely sensitive to bright light.
6268	She could use some help with the lyrics, but she has created a beautiful sound.
6269	Shedding light on the allegation, she told newsmen that the ICPC operatives only came to remind one of their staff in the procurement department and not a director of his invitation to the anti-graft agency to answer some questions.
6270	She defeated Ella Beam via pin in 2:05.
6271	She defended the need to havepolicies to promote equal opportunities and combat gender stereotypes.
6272	She describes her experience as having its ups and downs, “but I really do love jumping.”
6273	She disappeared without trace from the North Shields area just days before Christmas.
6274	She disclosed: "As I have got older, I have realised that you can't expect to please all of the people all of the time.
6275	She doesn't talk and the only time her mother heard her voice was when she let out a cry as she was born.
6276	She employs a staff of eight people who all share her passion and thrive from meeting new people every day.
6277	Sheena shot to stardom after appearing on the first U reality TV music show, The Big Time: Pop Singer, in 1976.
6278	She even starts dating another teacher, Narumi Kanai, because she knows her student, Harubi Yasuraoka, has a crush on him.
6279	She explained: “I knew it would be the perfect place to start my chocolate-themed cafe and shop.
6280	She explained: “When I was recording my new album, I had to stop listening to her as she was influencing me too much.”
6281	She expressed the regret that in spite of BEDC’s regular warning to the members of the public to desist from vandalism and energy theft, many still indulged in the act, which she described as dangerous.
6282	Sheffield City Council said it was aware of "inconsiderate" parking issues and is working to find a solution.
6283	She first won the championship all the way back in 2022 at against Mercedes Martinez and has defended it 21 times during her reign.
6284	She got spotted on social media after she was trolled for her appearance in a post that went viral, attracting attention from Paper Magazine.
6285	She got the council’s support.
6286	“She had asked for the phone in hospital and said, ‘Hi mum, hi dad’, my son cried, and I was crying, they were tears of joy and elation, I was gobsmacked.
6287	She had reached the age of 89 years, 8 months, and 18 days.
6288	She had support from her family going to college and was able to get degrees in counseling and a job working for a social service agency.
6289	“She had to be really drunk or hate someone so much to say these things and I just can’t get my head around it.
6290	"She has a high level of remorse and understands the link between misuse of alcohol and offending behaviour.
6291	She has alleged he "forced himself" on her in bed, but he has said she initiated sex which he stopped.
6292	She has been having flashbacks in relation to this 2008 incident.
6293	She has directed the phrase at her cowering father throughout the trial.
6294	Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, was spotted witnessing the IPL magic during the UAE leg of the season in 2014, illustrating the league’s international stature.
6295	Sheila Duffy, chief executive of ASH Scotland, said: “Ahead of No Smoking Day on 13 March, we would love to hear from people in Clackmannanshire about their successful experiences in the last couple of years or so of giving up smoking for good.
6296	She is delighted that fellow professional dancer, Lauren Oakley, is able to step in for rehearsals and to perform in Saturday's show for JB Gill's Couple's Choice dance."
6297	She is flanked by incoming bombs labeled “NATO”—even though the bombs that destroyed Mariupol were dropped by Russian forces.
6298	She is getting a breast reduction in the future!
6299	“She is going to find herself between a rock and a hard place on the issue of fracking, and also other issues like Gaza, too.
6300	She is the driving force behind the team ensuring the safety and security of our island’s vital air link.
6301	She is the queen and deserves her very own family and to be the center of attention!
6302	She is worried that someone may have taken him due to his usually staying close to home.
6303	She kept saying she didn't have the finances to take animals to the vets, or to buy proper food, or enrichment or to pay her staff at the end of each month.”
6304	Shelby County will provide a replacement entrance culvert at no cost but will not assume maintenance of entrances after installation.
6305	Sheldon “Timothy” Herrington Jr., 24, of Grenada, Mississippi, is charged with capital murder in Lee’s death, and his trial began Tuesday in Oxford.
6306	She left a difference.
6307	She, like Victoria, chose to pair this with a black clutch bag and small, comfortable heels, along with a matching fascinator.
6308	She’ll have a watch party at her alma mater, Howard University in Washington.
6309	She looked at herself in the mirror and many times didn't like what she saw.
6310	She loved participating in the drama club when she was in high school and enjoyed sharing stories about the characters she portrayed.
6311	She met a single father named David and quickly fell in love with him.
6312	She most definitely had reached out and sent some pictures as well as a personalized message.
6313	She needs good vibes and positive energy only in her life."
6314	She noted that though the process had not been easy, she expressed gratitude to God for the successful completion of the training by the golfer in South Africa.
6315	She passed peacefully at an eastern suburbs care facility on Friday, September 20.
6316	She passionately argues that many of these fact-gatherers and analysts were not professional spies, but American academics, scholars, liberal arts professors, historians, librarians, anthropologists, artists, bookworms and art experts.
6317	Shephard revealed in February, upon his appointment as the new host of This Morning, departing GMB was one of the "hardest decisions" he'd ever had to make because it meant leaving his "on-screen wife" Garraway after 20 years.
6318	She played Ali Wong's character's mother-in-law, Fumi Nakai.
6319	She plays a mix of new songs, but I don’t get to hear her famous “Ástarbréf” as the Art Museum is calling.
6320	She possibly exploits his milk obsession to secure her position within The Seven.
6321	She posted on her Instagram story claim that she doesn’t support other female artists.
6322	She raised $2.7 million in the third quarter, ending with $8.8 million in the bank.
6323	She received her Bachelors from Roberts Wesleyan College and Masters from SUNY Geneseo.
6324	She regularly gives her opinion on things happening in our lives, even about how our house is decorated, and I now know that he has made decisions based on things she has said.
6325	She revered her parents’ “politically mixed marriage,” she has recalled, learning that “fighting about ideas didn’t mean that you didn’t love someone.”
6326	Sheriff Collette Gallagher replied: "This is a very serious matter.
6327	She's 20 weeks old and only had puppy grooms so far.
6328	She said Brian had tearfully broken down and said: "When am I coming home?
6329	She said disabled students were harder hit as they might struggle with the 30-minute walk instead be forced to pay for a taxi.
6330	She said doing so would only lead to public speculation, which His Majesty does not want.
6331	She said finding this out was tragic as she had already been issued an eviction notice and hoped that this new house would give her and her children a roof over their heads.
6332	“She said her eyes had already dilated but that she could not pronounce her dead because she was not a doctor,” he said.
6333	She said: “I’d love those to turn up.
6334	She said: "I had a fabulous time seeing all these young people being so creative."
6335	She said: “Now that we've had these conversations, they've said those things.
6336	She said once residents have been moved to new homes, the facility will be repurposed to deliver expanded children's health services.
6337	She said others were: Ayra Starr, Amaarae, Qing Madi, FAVE, Simi, Gyakie, Yemi Alade, Makhadzi and Teni.
6338	She said people experiencing pain in their back or shoulder should not buy a bra without proper advice.
6339	She said she had been accused of things "without any evidence" and had also been shouted at in the street.
6340	She said she never received a response and was not interviewed.
6341	She said such girls often used alternatives whichwere usually unhygienic and had adverse effects on their health in the long run.
6342	She said that one of the most recent incidents occurred in Umunkwa village, in Umuafai Ndume Ibeku area, Umuahia North Local Government Area of Abia where 10 victims were rescued from a baby factory.
6343	“She said that that’s totally fine and that I shouldn’t feel bad about it…she even set up an old iPad of hers to receive her messages so I could read them anytime without having to use her phone.
6344	She said that the best people to determine whether she is faking the illness or not are medical personnel.
6345	She said: "The authorities weren't able to stop them, and then, once the men saw that the women were out on the streets, all of the workers started coming and joining the women."
6346	She said then: "It was a total shock.
6347	She said: 'These are some of the many predators that can help keep slug and snail populations in balance in a wildlife friendly garden.'
6348	She said the title reign is on borrowed time.
6349	She said they started bringing just Pot Noodles at first then it just became sweets, chocolate bars, breakfast bars, and eventually "86 packets of crisps for two weeks."
6350	She said, “We haven’t won any cases, but now everyone can see what happened.”
6351	She said: "With record numbers of people experiencing mental ill health, any measures which help people access the care they need quickly and easily are to be welcomed.
6352	She says Energize Bridgewater is trying to figure out how to reach renters who are struggling to pay their energy bills.
6353	She says the health and welfare of animals has always been important and she would like to do something ''to make their innocent lives better'.
6354	She’s city placed and at her best she should run very well.”
6355	She's driven, smart and already has her sights set on a professorship — wanting to train a new generation that could help woo foreign investors eager to diversify semiconductor production away from China and Taiwan.
6356	She served in this position until 2010 when she retired.
6357	She shares further about this challenging time: "At times I was an emotional mess and broke down in floods of tears.
6358	She spent that time experiencing golf for the fun of it again – very different from the high-stress tournament play that she dove back into on the Epson Tour.
6359	She’s senior adviser to the Office of Federal Procurement Policy.
6360	She’s so important,” she added, calling Kate’s reemergence “reassuring”.
6361	She’s starred in films The Postman, Rushmore, The Sixth Sense, and Peter Pan.
6362	She started her teaching career in East Orange, NJ.
6363	She stopped at the hardware store for a famous sausage sandwich which she took to her car, while accompanied by a male friend.
6364	She stresses that the church is a holy place.
6365	She tells them to tell Ava she wants Guilia in an Iron Survivor qualifier next week.
6366	She then became one of the faces of London 2012 by winning Olympic gold on home soil.
6367	She then moves in with her brother and her stepfather while also recovering from a double mastectomy.
6368	She told the Local Democracy Reporting Service (LDRS): “I met my late husband here and we had the wedding reception here.
6369	She told Times Radio: "The very poorest pensioners are not, I repeat, are not going to still keep their winter fuel payments.
6370	“She took us to one of the local chapels and hinted, ‘This could be a beautiful place to get married,’” Ms. Zappia said.
6371	She understood that the Eucharist is both a sacrifice and a sacrament, differing from other sacraments in that it not only produces grace but also contains the source of grace himself — Jesus.
6372	She waits for the horses to tell her what sort of help they need, and once she discovers it, she can make them do practically anything.
6373	She wants to take down as many people as she can.”
6374	She was disqualified from driving for 20 months.
6375	‘She was in shock and could hardly speak.
6376	“She was like my second mom.
6377	She was named head women’s basketball coach at Northwood University in Florida in 2008 and, three years later, athletic director at Raritan Community College in her native New Jersey.
6378	She was previously married to talent manager Narvel Blackstock, with whom she shares a son named Shelby.
6379	She was tasked with taking a team of competitive volleyball players, athletes who had only played pick-up and Athletes who had never played the game and she made a team out of us.”
6380	“She was the only person that believed in me.
6381	She will be sentenced on Monday by Mr Justice Chamberlain.
6382	She would like more to be done on the part of British authorities to help trace the absent fathers.
6383	SHIB dropped behind ICP due to the latter’s price increase.
6384	Shiota said that the unique features and characteristics of Nintendo hardware are not created by the hardware developers alone.
6385	Shirley Ellicott from Whitsbury is a mother of five, a grandmother to 11 grandchildren and has 10 great-grandchildren.
6386	Shivaun Raff and her husband, Adam, describe their long court battle with technology giant Google.
6387	Shoppers who snap up this saving will also receive a carpet glider and an extra twin pack of pads.
6388	Shopping centers and office parks are large enough to benefit from economies of scale and are typically near jobs, shops and transit.
6389	Shortland MP Pat Conroy said the project would help connect the community to friends, family, local shops, services and the park, by giving them a dedicated path to safely walk, run and cycle.
6390	Shortly after Christmas, officials with Homeland Security Investigations boarded the ships and union advocates with ITF began a campaign for Dagalea and the others to recoup the wages.
6391	Shortly after deputies arrived they reported back that the girl would stay with her grandmother.
6392	Shortly after Hendry and Brundle’s yacht were found, police said they presumed the two American passengers were dead.
6393	Short Rotation Coppice (SRC) willow plantations can be used as riparian buffer strips and biofiltration blocks, planted along the banks of waterways to help protect the water quality and aquatic habitats.
6394	Shoshana Bean, who plays her single, spiky mom, makes her songs soar, while Kecia Lewis as a soulful piano teacher is the show's astounding MVP.
6395	Shot in the chest.
6396	Should Christmas songs be banned until December?
6397	Shoulder blocks for both of ‘em, dropkick, revolution vertical suplex and Belair is fired up!
6398	Should the deal go ahead it will see Nationwide remain a building society, the lender said, but with an expanded suite of products and services, and greater scale and financial strength.
6399	Should you be concerned about bovine congestive heart failure?
6400	Showcase Cinemas will be making this deal available on Saturday, January 13 and Sunday, January 14.
6401	Shredder would go on to become the most iconic villain in the franchise's history, appearing in practically every single incarnation of the franchise.
6402	Shropshire-based Pickstock hopes to open the new facility near Ecclefechan in Dumfries and Galloway.
6403	Shropshire Council is attempting to deliver the highest percentage savings target of any council in the United Kingdom this year, according to new figures.
6404	Sic Bo is more or less a variant of craps, as it involves betting on the outcome of three dice.
6405	Sienna Hooded Blanket is available in 11 colours and costs just £13.49.
6406	Sierra Leone President Julius Maada Bio delivers the keynote address at the inaugural African regional conference on Autonomous Weapons Systems.
6407	Sigal Music Museum Distinguished Lecture Series: Cynthia Sayer, “The Unexpected Journey of Jazz Banjo”
6408	Signaturefd LLC now owns 27,402 shares of the energy producer’s stock worth $3,181,000 after acquiring an additional 1,602 shares in the last quarter.
6409	Silent Hill: The Short Message is heavily themed around self-harm, suicide, and abuse, and it is impossible to discuss the game without also talking about these points in some detail.
6410	Silent stroke, also known as silent cerebral infarction, can go undetected for years.
6411	Similarly in 2023, opposition MLAs had criticised the state government for including only areas under ruling MLAs and ignoring the opposition’s constituencies.
6412	Similarly, the POH outturn for conventional coaches in Dibrugarh workshop went to 59 against the given target of 56 during this period.
6413	“Similarly, there is burgeoning demand on the customer side which we can satisfy easily and cost effectively.
6414	Simms and Spencer hold each other as officiating minister Bishop Martin Murphy (partially hidden) prays over them.
6415	Simon Coates plays Frederick Fellowes who has a serious fear of violence and blood, both of which give him nosebleeds.
6416	Simon does realize that there are several other KISS fans with huge collections of KISS memorabilia.
6417	Simone usually shows support by cheering on her husband in-person at his games and so this was the first in several weeks that she missed due to the clash with her friend's special day.
6418	Simon Harris has said that it is “very important” that in return for a €725m funding package the national broadcaster "keeps its word” in relation to reform.
6419	SIMON PANCOTT, 39, of Linnet Close, Oxford, pleaded guilty to drug driving in Barns Road, Oxford on May 16 this year.
6420	Simon Quick Advisors LLC increased its holdings in Eli Lilly and Company by 10.5% during the 4th quarter.
6421	Simon Weaver isn’t ruling out the possibility of Harrogate Town conducting some late business before the January transfer window slams shut.
6422	Simply go to the app and switch off the toggle for Walkie-Talkie.
6423	Simply put, this program works to promote inclusivity and help keep people safe,” Sanchez said.
6424	Simpson says Zicherman had a compelling pitch about the intersection of celebrity, sports, sexuality and masculinity.
6425	Simultaneously, new developments in computer systems for consular services were introduced, covering all aspects of the reform.
6426	Since 1973, at least 196 people sentenced to death in the U.S. have been exonerated, according to the DPIC’s innocence database.
6427	Since 2010, CNAF has used a risk-scoring algorithm to identify people who are potentially committing benefits fraud by receiving overpayments.
6428	Since EVs are reliant on electrical grid support, consumer locations are primed for installation.
6429	Since God failed to live up to His side of the covenant by protecting the Jews, the Jews are no longer obligated to keep their side of the Covenant either.
6430	Since Holmes' departure, Chris Martin's best friend, Phil Harvey, who initially helped fund their first recording and was regarded as the band's fifth member, has assumed the role of their lead manager.
6431	Since its acquisition by Kape Technologies in 2021, it has gained the financial backing to step up its game even further.
6432	Since its ratings from Consumer Reports is virtually identical to Progressive, Travelers, and Geico, you can likely expect a similar experience between any of the four companies without tons of variance between them.
6433	Since it would prompt talk of an internal campaign crisis and constitute a tacit admission that he got it wrong, I don’t think he will.
6434	Since joining the family, he has been on walks with his parents, taken to lavish lunches and the gym with Gasly.
6435	Since last June, the globe has broken heat records each month, with marine heat waves across large areas of the globe’s oceans contributing.
6436	Since Nigeria gained her independence in 1960, we have seen two categories of leaders: those who were packaged and imposed on Nigerians by the powers that be; and those who plotted, “snatched power” and “ran away with it”.
6437	Since Oct. 7, she’s done more than 200 interviews, and is splitting her time between New York and Israel.
6438	Since the basic plan doesn’t include U.S. dollar accounts, these conversions are necessary for trading U.S.-listed securities.
6439	Since the beginning of Israel’s genocidal war on the Gaza Strip, Dr. Abu Safiya has refused to abandon the hospital.
6440	Since the gallery's conception in 1982, it has been dedicated to supporting living artists, presenting timely and resonant works of art and mounting exhibitions of exemplary contemporary artists.
6441	Since the IRA was passed, 70 percent of IRA-related investments have been in counties where the employment rate is below the national average and 86 percent have been in counties with college graduation rates below average.
6442	Since then, it has hired about 50 employees and four managers to work at the Bangor store, some of whom began training in late February, co-owner Adam Reny said Tuesday.
6443	Since then, officers have carried out house-to-house enquiries, studied CCTV to identify his last known movements, and carried out search activity on land and in water.
6444	Since Trump left office, the US has become a more important economic partner for India; trade and technology ties with America are also the most promising.
6445	Sinclair declined to say what her ownership percentage will be, calling it instead "a small chunk" and saying her role will be to bring awareness to the club and help it grow.
6446	Sinclair was determined not to follow the trend of shooting performers only onstage or at an interview.
6447	Siraj lifted India’s sagging morale late in the final session when he trapped Pope lbw for 39. The batter was initially adjudged not out but the decision was overturned on review.
6448	Sir Ed’s idea for a Christmas release was inspired by his own time as a chorister when he was a carer himself as a teenager.
6449	Sirens for a long time at first; many other police department came to help.
6450	Sir Keir warned: "It is important that we be really, really clear: now is the time to leave."
6451	Sir Paul Grice, principal of Queen Margaret University, said: “We are very excited to see the Edinburgh Innovation Hub starting to take shape in the ground around the university, and to give our chancellor, Prue Leith, a glimpse into the future.
6452	Sir Tom Jones has been chatting about his health after getting a new hip ahead of his world tour.
6453	Site of the mass baptism at Pirate’s Cove in Newport Beach, Calif. (courtesy photo from John Fredricks) Site of the mass baptism at …
6454	Sitting in the 'spicy' category of male fragrances, this popular scent by Paco Rabanne represents power, wealth and luxury.
6455	Situated on a 27-acre site in Abu Mureikhah near Al Rahba, the BAPS Hindu Mandir, the temple is a stunning display of craftsmanship.
6456	Sixteen European teams will qualify for the finals, which will feature 48 countries for the first time.
6457	Sixteen people wanted to work with police, and 17 said they didn't want to pursue prosecution against the perpetrator.
6458	Skydance went on to co-finance and co-produce projects with Paramount for more than a decade.
6459	Sleep offered the only solace, and one particularly long bout had the crew thinking that she had passed away locked inside her room.
6460	Slots vary from classic 3-reel slots to modern video slots with captivating graphics, bonus rounds, and progressive jackpots.
6461	Slovak researchers from the company Glycanostics have come up with a new method to detect prostate and other types of cancer.
6462	Small towns often offer lower crime rates compared to larger cities.
6463	Smart motorways without a hard shoulder were created to increase capacity at a lower cost than widening roads.
6464	SMFB did not provide the figures for these businesses and it has yet to disclose its quarterly report.
6465	Smith, in a filing on Monday, alluded to those judges who have the power to overturn Cannon’s decisions, when she decides to make them.
6466	Smith was one of nine finalists for the award, with the other finalists coming from the state’s seven other education regions and among charter schools.
6467	“Smokies will be joining us on Saturday 4th and Sunday 5th May, from 5pm with their full menu, plus a bank holiday special.”
6468	Smooth and efficient as a route runner.
6469	Snell can be dominant, but the big knock against him is his lack of durability/workload.
6470	“So all of my babies have been in coolamons, I have always really loved them – we have always gathered around our young ones, so it has that multi-dimensional element,” they said.
6471	So as much as this is something new for you, it’s also something new for her.
6472	So attacking a church “is no longer off-limits … is what it comes down to.”
6473	So a word you hear a lot about what the Yanks may have to do is get “creative,” and within that the name Ben Rice has come up quite a bit.
6474	Social media monitor RelishMix spotted negative word of mouth on ahead of opening: “Many viewers are unassuaged in their apprehension to taking a C-list comic book character and giving him his own movie.
6475	Social media tells us we should be doing a lot of things — from (which you’re probably already eating enough of, if you eat meat) to taking colostrum supplements to help boost your metabolism (there is no proof colostrum does this).
6476	Social Security payments meant for foster children were often taken by California counties and placed into state accounts instead of being given to the children.
6477	So come on in and check out CAMstart’s new range and speak to the team about your back to school needs.
6478	So, despite my landlord choosing to increase my rent by £75 per month, I opted to foot the full £1,550 bill alone for at least another year.
6479	So did this dish live up to my high expectations?
6480	So do what you love.
6481	So even if it’s something you weren’t expecting at all, you can’t say, ‘No, what are you saying?’
6482	So far, oil and gas has been the main target of emerging regulations and voluntary programs in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere.
6483	So far, state radio has broadcast nine episodes and plans to air 17 more.
6484	“So for me it’s not about the business, it’s not about making loads and loads of money, it’s about keeping the tradition alive.
6485	So harrowing was the mystery, most of Russell Lowbridge's family refused to ever even mention it.
6486	So how can we motivate more Scottish young people to discover the joy of learning a language?
6487	So, if the match finished 1-1, your bet would take it to 2-1, giving you a win.
6488	So if you are getting more unwell over time, it’s worth getting tested, in case antibiotics will help.
6489	So if you are making any preparations or if you’re planning to go to the shelter then I kindly ask you to prepare to take your own disaster kit, you’re own food, your own supplies, your own documents especially your medications.
6490	So, I had nothing to complain about, that first lockdown was fantastic.
6491	So, I mean, you have a good idea, you have experience—let’s say you were working for somebody, you’re good at what you’re doing, and you want to expand to yours.
6492	So I’m voting for him if I could,” Sayles joked.
6493	So, in this crowded landscape, Red One may struggle to stand out, impacting its overall performance.
6494	So investors looking to minimize their investment taxes have to work around these broad rules.
6495	So is Giannis Antetokounmpo of the Bucks.
6496	So it affects the rationing system.
6497	“So I think everyone needs to rest a little bit.
6498	So I think it’s good for our team, good for character and morale, to just kind of find a way to get it done.”
6499	"So it looks like people should be getting a cheap fix right now.
6500	So it’s an unchanged side, but a few changes on the bench as Phil Foden is ill and Ilkay Gundogan is back.
6501	So it's no surprise that some enterprising chinese geeks made printers work with their own script.
6502	So I was 12 years old and he was like, if you can figure out how to use these airline miles I have scattered across multiple programs, we can go on a trip.
6503	So knowing how good he has been in the past and seeing that Saulnier had a new movie out on Netflix, I was very interested in giving it a try.
6504	"So many good performances, cannot actually remember really a bad one, to be honest, they were all really good.
6505	'So many of the team that I worked with are still there and it was a real trip down memory lane.
6506	Some 12 years after this episode aired, the Fiat Dino Coupe 2400 (especially the 2400 version) has sky-rocketed in value.
6507	Some 20% of major Japanese companies have no medium-term management plans that show profit and other targets in three to five years' time, a survey by Jiji Press has shown.
6508	Some 29,437 migrants came to the UK after making the crossing in 2023, down 36 per cent on a record 45,774 arrivals in 2022.
6509	Some 5,000 delegates are expected to attend the convention, in addition to around 1,300 businessmen and 2,500 journalists.
6510	Some admirers and professionals have remarked that her face has more definition and symmetry than it did when she was younger.
6511	Some analysts contend that the market is overreacting to brief delays and that the supply chain will soon recover.
6512	Some analysts predict that those funds could see as much as $100 billion in inflows by the end of the year.
6513	Some argue for clearer differentiation between surgical masks and, say, ski masks at a demonstration.
6514	Some books were not written during the same period as the Bible, which was another reason for not including them.
6515	Some commentators also doubt Faye will usher in major upheaval -- at least not anytime soon.
6516	Some configurations have seen their shipping times pushed back into March.
6517	Some dolls can look so realistic that one woman, who creates and sells them, was forced to put up a sign in her window telling passerbys not to 'panic' after police broke in thinking one was a real baby.
6518	Some economists have estimated that these tariffs could cost families this much.
6519	Some feared Israel had begun a long-feared ground offensive in the city, where more than a million people displaced by Israel's war on Hamas are sheltering with nowhere else to go.
6520	Some great vendors set up here to supply all the needs of restoration and the tools to do it.
6521	“Some had had enough minutes, some we want to go again on Friday so we needed to get them off so they weren’t too fatigued,” he said.
6522	Some kids had gone to sleep on the back of their parents.
6523	Some may decry it as a meaningless gesture in the face of almost overwhelming poverty; others may say – with.
6524	Some may say it is quite pricey but, personally, there is no price to one’s safety.
6525	Some news anchors went on-air from dark offices, in front of computers showing blue error screens.
6526	Some of China’s efforts to stimulate new buying have upset one of the country’s most vocal constituencies: existing homeowners.
6527	Some of her works include “Joromi”, “Know You”, “Jericho”, and “Duduke”.
6528	Some of our readers may remember Elvis and Tracy, a Southampton couple who were reported on back in January.
6529	Some of the balloons contained animal excrement, officials said.
6530	Some of the brands they work with include Silkolene, Titan, Cassida, Agrifarm, Pentosin and Planto.
6531	Some of the most attention-grabbing evidence presented to the jury were documents with Trump's signature: a rental agreement for a luxury apartment used by Weisselberg, a private school tuition check written for a grandchild of Weisselberg's.
6532	'Some of the other money was really wasted… you engaged in your own spending sprees and gave money to your partner… all of that money seems to have disappeared one way or another…'
6533	Some of the perks associated with higher ticket prices include a photo with the former president, preferred seating at the event, an invitation to a roundtable and the honor of being a co-host.
6534	Some of the push for such legislation comes from families whose loved ones’ deaths were blamed on excited delirium, rather than on use of force during a police encounter.
6535	Some of the quiet we have seen to date may simply have been a function of the 2024 election, with conservatives reluctant to pursue unpopular strategies that might undermine the chances of their favored candidates.
6536	Some of the scenes where he has transformed have become legendary for all the right reasons, with fans loving their favorite character and how his innate charisma makes him one of the most riveting characters in time and time again.
6537	“Some of these showers have the potential of creating heavy downpours.
6538	Someone is also involved in several companies at the same time.
6539	Someone who’s in the bottom quartile of VO2 max is 4 times more likely to die than someone in the top quartile, according to a study published by JAMA.
6540	Some people claim that female prophets were the exception.
6541	Some residents have welcomed the crackdown on revelers.
6542	Some restaurants and grocery stores are also eligible for earning cash back.
6543	Some studies estimate the Florida economy will take a $12.6 billion hit.
6544	“Something that I’ve been blown away by is the beautiful support and enthusiasm that these books have inspired in people,” she said.
6545	Sometimes heavy winds can even knock wires down," Smith said.
6546	Sometimes hilariously so.
6547	“Sometimes truck drivers will ask me about Ted Bundy and if I know anything about the abduction,” Cooper said in the podcast.
6548	So money was tight — yet even so, I broached the idea of having another baby.
6549	So much of what makes a nature show relaxing comes down to its narrator.
6550	'So much of what we're seeing goes to show this is all really politically driven rather than substantively driven.'
6551	Song Lin is one of China’s most innovative poets.
6552	Sony's second State of Play presentation of the year just took place.
6553	So, obviously, when it comes to spiritual matters opinion weighs very little unless there has been a solid reference point established.
6554	Soon after, Kat and her husband, fellow actor David Whiteley, welcomed their first child, son Archie.
6555	Sooner if the recent loss-rate holds.
6556	So our roots inside the community and our commitment to the mountain have been there for a long time.
6557	Sophie Bartlett, head of school, said: “Stan thoroughly deserves this award and we are all thrilled for him.
6558	“Sophisticated and lush, yet at the same time an unpretentious classic, Mocha Mousse extends our perceptions of the browns from being humble and grounded to embrace aspirational and luxe.”
6559	Sorensen added: “When you are a footballer, you have a lot of spare time.
6560	“So she ended up using half of her tax return that year to pay her electric bill because the other option was no power.”
6561	So, she sees an imbalance there, and I’ve heard that from others in various cities.
6562	“So that’s, to cut a long story short, how New Start Highland came to be,” he explains.
6563	So that was enough.
6564	So the combined annual total of southerly busters and severe southerly busters increased over time.
6565	"So there is a clear reason to suspect something strange happened," he said.
6566	So they ended up driving me to the hospital and they had to cut it out in the ER.
6567	"So, they think it's been lost, it's just not available anymore, well that's probably not true."
6568	So, those ladies who go for surveillance, they are also at risk.
6569	“So to be back here and see some familiar faces has been cool.”
6570	So to combat the cold, Vicki said she takes a woolly hat and puts her mouse mat and mouse inside the hat.
6571	So, too, is civil society.
6572	SoulGlad Scorchsand Audition Venue is a new arena that was released with ’s Version 2.2.
6573	Soul's fourth marriage was to Julia Nickson in 1987.
6574	Sounds like the pants suck no matter what genitals yu have.
6575	South Africa supplemented their traditional power game with some sparkling ball movement and could have scored more tries, suggesting new attack coach Tony Brown is adding another element to an already formidable side.
6576	Southampton beat Leeds in the Championship play-off final at Wembley to secure promotion back to the Premier League.
6577	South Carolina has three early giveaways so far.
6578	Southern Bancorp has a physical banking footprint that spans Arkansas and Mississippi, and in 2023 began the expansion of its mortgage division to provide equitable mortgage solutions to more families throughout the entire South.
6579	Southern California will be a bit cooler Saturday with temperatures in the 60s and 70s, but there's a chance of showers on Sunday.
6580	Southern Illinois at Belmont — ESPN+, 2 p.m.
6581	“Southern Superstars has played extremely well throughout the league stages and the playoffs and the entire team is gearing to go.
6582	South Korean boy band Stray Kids — comprised of members Bang Chan, Lee Know, Hyunjin, Han, Felix, Seungmin and I.N. — is back with the music video for the song “Jjam”.
6583	South Wagga Butchery owner Liam Hanigan has already received hundreds of Christmas pre-orders.
6584	Sovereign Gold Bonds (SGBs) are debt securities issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on behalf of the government, with each unit denoting a gram of gold.
6585	So we are interested to develop that in the UK; we think that’s an important principle.”
6586	"So we figured the best thing for us to do was to get out of there."
6587	So what did Trump and his party do well?
6588	So, what does a membership get you?
6589	So what does this say about the Labour Party’s brand – have they officially been detoxified?
6590	So, what he wanted to say here and in person for everyone to see, Rock and Roman Reigns, two Mount Rushmore wrestlers together, but he fully understands if he wants to focus on Drew and he’s not on-board with having his back.
6591	So what would you choose?
6592	So when Keyser reached out to her about this project, she quickly said yes.
6593	So, where in the world should you jet off to in February for gorgeous weather and plenty of sunshine?
6594	So, why didn’t Chase, one of the league’s undisputed top wideouts, not get more targets?
6595	So with a group of players that is largely unchanged barring a few additions, the question on many fans’ lips will be “how will things be different this time?”
6596	So you can still do it.”
6597	“So, you’re afraid of an ‘invasion’ of America by Mexicans.
6598	Space-inspired attractions are just one way that China is diversifying its tourism offerings on Hainan beyond the beach.
6599	SpaceX launched the Europa Clipper on Monday from Florida’s Kennedy Space Center.
6600	Speaking about the BJP's "fake propaganda", Stalin says: "Electoral bond scam has proved that the BJP is a corrupt party and its involved in white collar corruption.
6601	Speaking about their ambitions, Steve stated: "It's not a process that you suddenly wake up one morning and decide you're going to do.
6602	Speaking after their final shift on September 1, Belinda said: “Today I say goodbye to a place full of special memories of people I’ve met, things I’ve learnt, opportunities created and I have loved pretty well most of it and what a send-off.
6603	Speaking at an event in Dallas, Aikman said that he had left his schedule open for this weekend, as he had assumed that the Cowboys would be playing in the NFC title game, and didn’t want to miss it.
6604	Speaking at a press conference on Monday in Abuja, Ojukwu, reading from an advisory titled “Protect the Right to Peaceful Assembly and Association”, stressed that protests were vital for democracy and citizen engagement in governance.
6605	Speaking at the press briefing titled “Collective Path to a Stable Country,” held at the Presidential Media Centre (PMC) on Monday (August 26), he clarified that the outstanding tax amount for these three institutions totals only Rs.90 billion.
6606	Speaking on behalf of the Hospital Management, Chief Medical Director, Dr. Bababunmi Osinaike, appreciated the work done at the paediatric ward within the twenty one days, saying the club has impacted the people of the State.
6607	Speaking out about the terrifying ordeal, the woman said: "He had told her he was based in America.
6608	Speaking, the new Commissioner of Police in Lagos state, Mr Olanrewaju Ishola, said the security template in the state would be improved upon.
6609	Speaking to Echosport, Critchell said: "We cluster our fixtures, so initially the first thought is to better last season's point tally after five games.
6610	Speaking to newsmen, an eyewitness, who pleaded anonymity, said the terrorists killed 31 fishermen.
6611	Speaking to reporters after the government session, Deputy Prime Minister Matej Arčon said that given his experience, Vesel was a very competent candidate.
6612	Speaking Tuesday on “The Dan Le Batard Show,” Rosenhaus said the officers didn’t treat Hill “like a human being” after pulling him over in a traffic stop before Sunday’s home game against the Jacksonville Jaguars.
6613	Speaking with journalists, Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo state disclosed that the governors' prayer is that relief should come the way of the people as soon as possible.
6614	Special mention must go to our treble winners Liam Sinclair, Isla Fraser, Chloe Mackenzie and Calum Mackenzie, also to our double winners Sophie Mackay, Josie Columbine and Drew Murdoch.
6615	"Speeding is not going to get you there any quicker with the amount of vehicles we're seeing on highways now.
6616	Speed, storage, and savings collide with this holiday deal.
6617	Spiegel Sports columnist Marcus Kramer added: "The German football fan has a new enemy … but why?
6618	Spielberg was the first director you connected with as a young moviegoer.
6619	Splatt was remanded in custody after he appeared at Cardiff Crown Court.
6620	Splurge for a VIP ticket for early access, and give yourself time to meander through the stands, for tasters of wine and food.
6621	Sponsored by the 50+ Community Club – info Betty Wheeler 613-984-1431.
6622	Spring Road to close for months: when do roadworks start?
6623	Spring snowpack is critical for delivering a steady supply of drinking and irrigation water to billions of people, with bigger and earlier melts causing problems.
6624	Springsteen's personal life, too, was heading in a new direction – in the fall of 1984, he would meet and begin dating actress Julianne Phillips; they married the following spring.
6625	Springwood High School welcomed back the Class of 2023 with a presentation evening which took place in the Peter Hopkins Hall at the school.
6626	“SPV is the borrower while the NNPCL is the sponsor, with an agreement to pay with crude oil to the SPV in order to liquidate the loan at an interest rate that is a little over 12 per cent,” he said.
6627	Squid Game Season 2 hits on December 26. All nine episodes of the first season are available to stream on Netflix.
6628	Staff and volunteers also showered the cute canines, loveable felines, adorable rabbits and gorgeous guinea pigs with affection and made sure their Christmas Day was filled with fun and food.
6629	Staffers at Crooked Media have reportedly grown resentful of Favreau’s wealth and celebrity status.
6630	Staged within the a beautiful natural setting - remember to bring a rug and a picnic.
6631	Staggies boss Derek Adams got a - perhaps surprisingly - strong reaction at Hearts, with Dhanda producing his best performance for County in the 2-2 draw.
6632	Starbucks’ Mobile Outage Compounds Financial Woes as Q3 Sales Decline PYMNTS.
6633	Starmer and his allies may calculate that Abbott will disappear without a trace after the election, and the whole affair will be forgotten in the excitement of their super-landslide.
6634	Starmer led Labour to a landslide victory, but the party secured barely one-third of the popular vote – suggesting there could be problems further down the road.
6635	Starmer vows to get NHS ‘back on its feet’
6636	“Stars and Stripes Forever” still gives me goosebumps.
6637	Starting in 2018, his administration imposed several rounds of duties, prompting predictable retaliation.
6638	Starting pitcher Ethan Lay throwing a pitch late in the sixth inning.
6639	Starting with the Omen 35L, HP is aiming for both style points and performance, as well as making upgrades a painless affair.
6640	State Rep. Terri Collins, R-Decatur, reassured lawmakers as she carried the bill in the House that this is only a short-term solution to reopen IVF clinics while a more permanent solution is pursued.
6641	State seismologists said the temblor was felt at Instrumental Intensity IV in Malungon, Alabel, and Kiamba towns.
6642	State Street Corp boosted its holdings in Alphabet by 0.8% in the 2nd quarter.
6643	State Street Corp now owns 1,712,372 shares of the company’s stock valued at $128,046,000 after acquiring an additional 116,221 shares during the period.
6644	State Street Corp now owns 442,382 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,048,000 after purchasing an additional 359,465 shares during the last quarter.
6645	Stating that Spanish is the second largest language spoken in the world, he said, “We need to explore more avenues of collaboration in promoting the languages.”
6646	Staves also utilized a radio telescope to record ionospheric disturbances during the eclipse.
6647	St. Bernard is set to begin classes on Monday, Aug. 12.
6648	Steady watch: The Army’s patrol boats on Pangong Tso.
6649	's team to start this summer is similar to those in 2004 and 2014, a bigger problem remains in the dearth of talented players banging down the door in the Sheffield Shield while in their late 20s.
6650	Stefko, the highly successful North Allegheny coach who stepped down unexpectedly after the 2023-24 season, recommended Baldasare pursue the job opening he left behind.
6651	Stein’s culinary inspiration and expertise come from the years he spent serving as a cook in different restaurants across the country, places he’s lived, traveled and everything in between.
6652	Stephen was a general aviation pilot with multiple ratings, a member of the USA shooting team (2004-05), and a scuba diver.
6653	Steve Ferchaud, the artist behind the mural, is a children’s book illustrator who moved to Paradise in 1997.
6654	Steve Hawks, a Las Vegas real estate agent, said agents across the valley, like much of the country, are just “picking and choosing” which part of the NAR settlement they are abiding by, creating a new “Wild Wild West” for commission rates.
6655	Stew Peters, an alt-right internet personality, on X/Twitter questioning why police who were notified of a suspicious character on a roof adjacent to Trump failed to react.
6656	Sticky inflation persuaded the mortgage market it was getting a bit carried away, so banks started to factor in for Bank of England rate cuts to come slightly later and more slowly.
6657	Stifel Financial Corp now owns 55,330 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $4,789,000 after purchasing an additional 246 shares during the last quarter.
6658	Stifel Nicolaus raised their price target on shares of Marvell Technology from $86.00 to $90.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Friday.
6659	Stifel Nicolaus raised their target price on shares of DICK’S Sporting Goods from $126.00 to $215.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, March 15th.
6660	Still, a guilty verdict could hurt Trump’s presidential bid, Reuters/Ipsos polling has found.
6661	Still, Gov. Hochul is intent on driving more businesses and employees into other states.
6662	Still not zero, so what do you do?
6663	Still, the Democrat has not been able to convince people that he has successfully shepherded the economy.
6664	Still, there are natural solutions that can definitively soften the impact that FWA has on our government systems.
6665	Still, there seems to be something in its DNA from ancient Rome — the interrelated cultures of “Greek” and “Roman” laughter in the Roman Empire.
6666	Still the women’s tag champs and getting plenty of TV time.
6667	Still, Williams remembers rides to and from the Oakland Coliseum with Holtzman with a special fondness.
6668	St. James Elementary School, 580 Lake Ave., St. James hosts a St. James Summer Nights event from 5 to 9:30 p.m. featuring live music, crafts and vendors under the summer stars.
6669	St Johnstone lost the game 2-0.
6670	St Johnstone produced their most complete away performance of the season to defeat Aberdeen a couple of months ago.
6671	Stockholders of record on Friday, June 28th will be given a dividend of $0.25 per share.
6672	Stockholders of record on Monday, September 30th were issued a dividend of $1.70 per share.
6673	Stockholders of record on Thursday, August 15th were given a $0.575 dividend.
6674	Stockholders of record on Thursday, August 1st were issued a $0.2725 dividend.
6675	Stock selection in the consumer discretionary sector also weighed on performance during the quarter.
6676	Stokes was in attendance at England training and, and could choose to remain with his team for the three Tests against Sri Lanka.
6677	Stonebridge Capital Advisors LLC increased its holdings in ConocoPhillips () by 0.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
6678	Støre’s government as of October 2023 is shown here during ceremonies tied to the opening of the current session of Parliament.
6679	Stories in the sand, Winner, Wildlife category.
6680	STORRS – At the peak of the UConn women’s basketball dynasty – back in the days when the Huskies were stringing together win streaks of 70, 90 and even 111…
6681	Strata committees are being quoted up to 120 per cent more than individual homeowners for building and trade work, with lawyers and advocates warning of a surcharge applied to unsuspecting body corporates.
6682	Strawberry Jack: A Tale from Paradise Heights premieres in its new form on January 24, 2024.
6683	Stressing about sleep will only make it harder to relax.
6684	Striking just weeks after Hurricane Katrina, Rita made landfall near the Texas-Louisiana border, causing significant flooding and wind damage in Southwest Louisiana.
6685	Stroll through a dozen seasonal scenes featuring over a million holiday lights.
6686	Strong storms and a tornado reportedly sank the Bayesian, a 184-foot superyacht, early Monday morning, killing at least one and leaving six others missing, including billionaire Mike Lynch.
6687	Strong winds in the Var with gusts of up to 60km/hr.
6688	Strong yelled at him.
6689	Stroud-Boutte said many of the heterosexual families who are members support the congregation because they know that their children, for instance, will be accepted regardless of who they are.
6690	Stuart said: “What was very disappointing was this discussion was a desktop exercise with no consultation with any of the groups involved.”
6691	Students in grade 7 to level 4 who bring a personal electronic device to school must switch it off and store out of sight.
6692	Students of The Calhoun School complete the first semester of dual enrollment at Trenholm State Community College.
6693	Subject to probate concerns, if any.
6694	Subscriber numbers have dwindled, ad revenue has taken a hit, and the high cost of content production has forced even the biggest media companies to rethink their strategies.
6695	Substack is rolling out the ability for writers to draft and publish new posts directly from their phone via its, the company announced on Thursday.
6696	Successful destinations like Barcelona, Amsterdam, Venice and even the Canary Islands show how the transition to quality tourism must be planned and executed.
6697	Such a test would allow physicians to identify and counsel at-risk patients before they are aware of any symptoms.
6698	Such docks cost a good $45 and upwards.
6699	Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir has resigned after nearly.
6700	Suddenly, the powerhouse Yankees appear mortal.
6701	Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc. has a 12-month low of $7.75 and a 12-month high of $12.45.
6702	Summer League is here.
6703	Summit Financial LLC now owns 4,044 shares of the payment services company’s stock valued at $603,000 after purchasing an additional 67 shares during the period.
6704	Suna started eight rounds of intensive chemotherapy before undergoing an operation to remove her lymph nodes.
6705	’s uncle Toni has brutally admitted that his nephew’s retirement ceremony wasn’t good enough.
6706	Sunday afternoon, April 7, is a perfect time to reminisce over the songs of your youth.
6707	Sunday's a Meow Wolf Makers: Cosplay Workshop partnering with Fab Expo Denver, 2 p.m. The invitation: Meow Wolf "invites enthusiasts to unleash their inner hero, villain and everything in between" in the Perplexiplex at Convergence Station.
6708	Sunne’s recommendation for journalists is to sit on the different networks, plus LinkedIn, and see which they prefer.
6709	Sunny skies are expected to return most of next week.
6710	Super Bowl LVIII, a showdown of past champions the San Francisco 49ers and the Kansas City Chiefs.
6711	Superintendent Jason White said: “We will take robust action against people who commit shoplifting offences and retail crime in our communities.
6712	Super Micro Computer) has found its groove in the advanced server tech space.
6713	Super Micro, Nvidia, MicroStrategy, Tesla, Lam Research, and More Market Moversbarrons.
6714	'SuperSport are a very good team,' said the Chiefs head coach.
6715	Supporters of this legal paradigm say that advertising lets consumers make informed decisions.
6716	Support for my country, which is mostly expressed to the embassy, is now largely communicated in private for fear of attack.
6717	Supports have been sought for GP services in several counties.
6718	Surely, that’s easier said than done after a couple of years of elevated inflation and input costs for automakers.
6719	Surely you didn’t just type ‘kissing her sister’.”
6720	Sure, some of them are quite wealthy, but many are not.
6721	Sure, we knew that teachers and NHS staff pay would have to go up by more than planned, not just or even mainly because of the threat of strikes, but because otherwise staff would simply vote with their feet.
6722	Surgeons at the Kirov Regional Clinical Hospital, in Russia, removed the object in an operation.
6723	Surrozen is developing tissue-specific antibodies designed to engage the body's existing biological repair mechanisms with a current focus on severe liver and eye diseases.
6724	Surveilance video showed Ravizza allegedly reach through the drive-thru window and stab the man with a large knife, officials said.
6725	Surveillance footage from a witness’s ring camera provided further insight into the incident, capturing the fatal shooting as Andricks was walking back to his car after both vehicles had come to a stop.
6726	Susan Backlinie has died at the age of 77.
6727	Sustainable alternative materials to ivory, what are they and the advantages?
6728	Sutton commented something to the effect of, “You’re going to search that bag, right?
6729	Suzie Napayok, left, owns and operates Tusaajiit Translations, an Inuktitut translation service.
6730	Sve velike inovativne preduzetnice su nekada bile početnice, poput Estée Lauder (Estée Lauder Companies), Anite Roddick (The Body Shop) ili J.K. Rowling (Harry Potter).
6731	Swami Vivekananda had said that the 21st century will belong to India and currently Indians are showcasing the talent and capabilities of our country to the world through their achievements in various fields.
6732	Swansea recovered some of their previous urgency after the break.
6733	Swanson was later hunted by police in 2020 when he broke the terms if his release licence and was eventually apprehended by police in the Leeds area.
6734	Swedbank AB boosted its holdings in shares of Spotify Technology by 13.2% in the second quarter.
6735	Sweet menu items including mango shrikhand — a yoghurt with saffron, layered with fresh berries, ginger crumble and fresh mango — and a traditional nankhatai biscuit — a popular shortbread found in Gujarat.
6736	Swift mania will soon hit Sydney with the pop star set to perform four shows from Friday, February 23 to Monday February 26.
6737	Switzer was so overcome with emotion, he stood at the lectern while his daughter stood by him and read his prepared comments.
6738	SWOF will also look to support improved educational outcomes and life chances for children and young people across the South West through work which supports lives of choice and opportunity.
6739	“Symptoms of heatstroke include high body temperature, altered behaviour, nausea, rapid heart rate, and headache.
6740	Symptoms of HG often last longer than morning sickness.
6741	Syria is doomed to instabilityunherd.
6742	Syrian opposition fighters celebrate after the government collapsed in Damascus on SundayCopyright 2024 The Associated Press.
6743	Tabassum told an NBC News affiliate she posted the link five years earlier and did not author the slideshow.
6744	Tailored clothing is the top seller, notably suits and sport coats, along with dress pants and the accoutrement that goes along with it.
6745	Take a look at the lineup!
6746	Takeoff project are moving and sincere.
6747	Take the phrase “gene therapy,” which implies that a therapeutic (that is, helpful) genetic intervention is necessary.
6748	Take your cue from them.
6749	Taking a holistic approach to suicide prevention at Fort Drum, must comply with the restrictions shown on https://www.
6750	Taking a life is a life-changing event, the deputy’s actions wee undoubtedly necessary.
6751	Taking annual vacations boosts your happiness, improves your cardiovascular health, and helps you age better compared to colleagues who chain themselves to the office.
6752	Taking them on a walk outside is one way to do that.
6753	Taking to Reddit, some fans think Mason will land himself in trouble once more and will try to stab Liam or Dylan, and Stu will be caught in the crossfire leading to his accidental death.
6754	Taking to social media before the show on Saturday, Vito said: "Right now I really need a biiiiiig hug".
6755	Talbot was nailed thanks to an investigation by GMP's anti-corruption unit - the former cop's conduct was blasted as 'depraved' by GMP.
6756	Talk of ‘the five families’ and other fatuous rot brought to mind smoke filled rooms in a film noir more than a responsible party of government.
6757	Tallberg, a master forager and chef, searches the base of spruce and silver birch for chanterelle, woolly milkcap and penny buns hiding amid the moss.
6758	Tammie performed first aid on her son Ben when he lost consciousness after suffering a severe supraventricular tachycardia – a very fast heart rate.
6759	Tan noted that tobacco consumption caused more than 110,000 deaths every year in the country.
6760	Tap their shoulder and shout loudly asking if they are okay.
6761	"Tasha has got a dancing past, but she's also got a cochlear implant, which means she might be at a disadvantage to those who have danced in front of live music before," she added.
6762	Taunton North and Trinity played out a fantastic game at Woodsworth Road that was hard fought from both sides.
6763	Taylor finished her act by thanking Sabrina for joining her.
6764	Taylor Swift‘s Eras Tour has been a sensation worldwide, sparking excitement and garnering headlines with each performance.
6765	Taylor Swift won four gongs that year while Lewis Capaldi, Stormzy and Ukrainian Eurovision winners Kalush Orchestra performed.
6766	Tcheuyap will be succeeding Sheila Ager, who served in the role since July 2019.
6767	Teacher Retirement System of Texas owned 0.16% of ACCO Brands worth $900,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.
6768	“Teaching young people is extremely rewarding and challenging but having the opportunity to watch them grow and develop through the years is priceless.”
6769	TEAF's performance hasn't been great, but the current discount presents an enticing opportunity, and the monthly distribution can make it easy to hold.
6770	Teams have a set office 'anchor day' each week so everyone is in together.
6771	Teams of search and rescue professionals were seen working with Guardia Civil officers near the village of Masca on Friday, focusing their efforts on an area of overgrown terrain.
6772	Teams traded Grade-A opportunities throughout all three overtimes, though Tringale saved the season a few times with her glove and Larkin fended off a chance in front from Freitas at the end of double overtime.
6773	Team USA’s players and coaches heard of the event upon waking up on Sunday morning.
6774	Tearfully Cheryl said: "It happened about 7pm yesterday, my kids were at their mum’s so I went to pick them up.
6775	TechCrunch has covered Wonderschool since its infancy, (led by Andreessen Horowitz).
6776	TechCrunch Minute: The FTC bans anonymous social app NGL from serving minorstechcrunch.
6777	Technically speaking, heating is a form of air conditioning.
6778	Technological investments like those made by Zipline served as catalysts for health advancement and development, he said, and called for investment in essential infrastructure to accelerate development.
6779	Technologies such as granular activated carbon, reverse osmosis, and ion exchange systems can be used to remove PFAS from drinking water, according to the EPA.
6780	Technology Minerals has announced it is scrapping proposals to acquire the remaining capital of battery recycling business Recyclus.
6781	TE Dalton Kincaid is his young Travis Kelce.
6782	TEHRAN, Aug. 28 (MNA) – The ambassador of the Federative Republic of Brazil to Tehran Eduardo Ricardo Gradilone toured Mehr News Agency headquarters in downtown Tehran on Wednesday.
6783	Tejashwi said this is the same Gandhi Maidan from where he had got Nitish to distribute mass appointment letters twice.
6784	Telling an indigenous story without an indigenous character screams inauthenticity and cultural commodification.
6785	Tell us YOUR Isle of Wight Community Champion - we're looking for nominations for June!
6786	Telugu Desam Party (TDP) chief Chandrababu Naidu's swearing-in as the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh has been rescheduled to June 12, according to a Times of India report.
6787	Temptation got the better of St Mary’s, with a preference to play aggressive shots bringing their batters’ downfall time-and-again.
6788	Tenant organizations and progressive leaders generally allied with the administration’s economic team cheered the news.
6789	Tennessee Valley Asset Management Partners purchased a new stake in Texas Instruments in the fourth quarter valued at approximately $25,000.
6790	Tensions begin to rise after a new group of detainees rotates into H-unit, and ultimately culminate when the group holds a mock casino tournament.
6791	Tens of thousands of England supporters have arrived in Gelsenkirchen, in western Germany, eager to see a show from their team after a shock 1-0 defeat by Iceland in their final warm-up match.
6792	Tens of thousands protested in Serbia’s capital Belgrade today to demand that leaders take responsibility for the collapse of a train station roof that killed 15 people last month.
6793	Teri Parker CFP® is a vice president for the Riverside office of CAPTRUST Financial Advisors and has practiced in the field of financial planning and investment management since 2000.
6794	Teri, the trans woman with whom Donny has an on-and-off romantic relationship, is also a professional—a therapist—and unabashedly dismissive of his day job.
6795	Terminus is viewed with even higher regard, having the atmosphere that Liberty Falls lacks while also offering a greater challenge with its claustrophobic layout.
6796	Terrell reminded Faulkner that when seeking reparations, one question had to be answered, even in a case like the Great Depression, which Faulkner brought up as a hypothetical.
6797	Terry & I were married for 70 happy & memorable years with 2 daughters Lynne & Kate, sons-in-law Kelvin & Mike, 4 grandchildren, 5 great grandchildren & 4 great great grandchildren.
6798	Tesla Executive Reacts:Cybertruck lead engineer noted that the incident happened because the YouTuber tried to close the frunk repeatedly, making the algorithm assume that he was trying to close the frunk.
6799	“Tesla has not been able to deliver on fully autonomous driving and AI promises, which are already embedded in the valuation,” Spear’s Delevska said.
6800	Tesla unveils what it says will be a self-driving taxi to be made available within the next three years.
6801	Tests in early 2012 revealed that at some point she had contracted glandular fever - a virus which can trigger ME.
6802	Texas dad sobs as he's CLEARED of starving four-year-old son to death despite videos showing child begging.
6803	Texas doesn’t have a statewide law specifically banning women from going topless.
6804	Texas Permanent School Fund Corp lifted its position in Ingevity by 1.3% during the first quarter.
6805	Thailand is 11 hours ahead of Eastern Daylight Time, meaning that Moo Deng's enclosure will be dark during daylight in the U.S. While pygmy hippos are nocturnal, visibility may not be the best.
6806	Thai media reports and rescuers said the bus was heading to Nonthaburi when the fire started around noon.
6807	Thankfully, going through these side gigs will often reward players with incredible items that will help them on their journey.
6808	Thankfully the images were still on the old hard drive.
6809	Thankfully, there were plenty of bright spots as underrated PlayStation series came into their own, and companies like Konami and Square Enix delivered much-needed console exclusives.
6810	Thankfully, the weather on Saturday was much better than that which competitors in Sunday's Abergele 5k and 10k races had to ensure.
6811	Thanking people of Maharashtra, the NCP chief observed that a kind of transformation has started in the state.
6812	Thanks to generative AI technologies and ), a chip giant supplying much of the technology required to bring in the AI revolution, are a hot commodity this year.
6813	“Thank you, all!
6814	Thank you for making our dreams come true.”
6815	Thank you, God.'
6816	“Thank you to those of you who participated in the investigation.”
6817	That 3-0 away win last season at Preston, the atmosphere, free flowing football seems a million miles away at moment.
6818	That ability to handle all weather could well come in handy as some in this fairly short field could definitely struggle.
6819	That all comes with a big dose of Gallic indignation at any hint of American cultural imperialism, coupled with U.S. exasperation at French sensitivities.
6820	That brings the domestic haul for the political thriller to $56.2 million.
6821	That case had been appealed to the Supreme Court, which on largely technical grounds but left the underlying questions unresolved.
6822	That certainly didn’t match up with the inference he did not want to play for Fittler.
6823	Thatcher just dropped “Pivot & Scrape,” a five-song debut EP of emotional balladry that showcases her deep, resonant voice and penchant for cathartic pop-rock arrangements.
6824	That compares to slightly positive free cash flow for Chesapeake Energy.
6825	That did startle me; this, not so much.
6826	That distinction belongs to Kennedy Fuller, 17, who has played in 15 league games, all four of the Summer Cup games and has started to settle into her midfield role.
6827	That draw in ’69, of course, was famous for the noble concession on the 18th green by Jack Nicklaus as he gave Tony Jacklin his short putt in one of the great acts of sportsmanship.
6828	That fact is crucial leading up to Saturday's game, in the view of Downing.
6829	That has been Israeli policy since 2008.”
6830	That has encouraged investors to use the yen as a funding currency for carry trades.
6831	That has made figures such as Quiboloy, and other religious groups, influential in the political sphere.
6832	That, however, doesn’t mean they don’t have a strongly private side.
6833	“That hurt me, I will say, and he hasn’t been able to show his best yet.
6834	That impact from squad players has provided particular satisfaction for Dyche and those around him.
6835	“That I’m still alive is a miracle.
6836	That included Andy Murray, a two-time singles champion at Wimbledon, teaming with his brother, Jamie, during a loss in men's doubles that began a farewell tour of sorts.
6837	That included school books, clothes and medicine, which he said with an air of confidence would be delivered by his comrades in arms.
6838	That includes spouses and children over the age of 14 who may or may not be involved in the operation of the business.
6839	That includes the Seattle U Redhawks playing the Duke Blue Devils at Cameron Indoor Stadium.
6840	That includes the workout equipment on the International Space Station.
6841	That intersection had had a long chequered history, being called a "deathtrap"
6842	That is a big job, but there has been a surprising willingness among the parties to co-operate, and members’ names for all ten Committees are announced shortly after 4pm.
6843	That is a good asset to have,” Herlihy said.
6844	That is, if plans for the West-East Rail expansion chug along smoothly.
6845	That is just speculation, and will likely never be confirmed.
6846	That is part of the appeal of active management: the flexibility to adapt to different situations.
6847	That is remarkable for a town with a population of less than 2000.
6848	That is the highest confirmation of the acceptance of sugarcane growers, the satisfaction of sugar enterprises, and the increasing efficiency of the sugar industry which it truly deserves."
6849	That is the whole reason we fast,'' Suara said.
6850	That is, until he got caught plagiarizing Neil Kinnock.
6851	That is, until Ruvkun discovered another microRNA in 2000: this time one that also appeared in mice, other animals and, importantly, humans.
6852	That is what we saw from 2009 to 2018.
6853	“That is why the wrestling industry needs him.
6854	That kind of veteran presence is important, especially at quarterback.
6855	That last Six Nations defeat mentioned above – the 30-24 loss to France in Paris in February 2022 – was followed by a ruthless 57-6 thrashing of Italy before England were brushed aside 32-15 at Twickenham and Scotland duly demolished 26-5.
6856	That law lifted a previous time limit for people sexually abused as children to sue the perpetrators and the institutions who enabled their torment.
6857	That light pole sure suffered some hurt.
6858	That line was greeted with enthusiastic applause in the convention hall.
6859	That makes it tricky to work out how you should configure it and which version you should buy.
6860	That morning, my heart raced as I thought: how am I ever going to have a baby?
6861	That must have been a little daunting.
6862	That plan, however, may never come to fruition.
6863	That plus a couple of games that have been played here.
6864	That pride comes with a $5,900 asking price (winch included).
6865	That procedure would be best scheduled immediately after the heat since the tissue will be active and more easily found.
6866	That provoked remarks that the EU is once again more focused on regulating the next big wave of tech rather than surfing it.
6867	That raises the possibility that voice-based AI may be the next sector for investors to watch.
6868	That restructuring has been done and we are going in for tendering of this facility which is a ₹1200-1300 crore project,” Singh added.
6869	That’s $222 off of the typical $413.
6870	That said, EV owners will not benefit from VED exemption for much longer, with Chancellor Jeremy Hunt set to introduce taxation on zero-emission battery models from 2025 as part of efforts to recoup lost revenue from fuel duty.
6871	That said, if after hearing the full case the court finds that Israel is committing genocide, this obligates not only Israel but also countries around the world to act to stop genocide.
6872	That said, incorporating strength training exercises targeting your arms, shoulders, and core can enhance your performance and endurance on the wake.
6873	That said, in providing free content on X, these users are drawing eyeballs to what is fundamentally a fascist operation.
6874	That said, the best place to buy walking shoes for you ultimately depends on your specific needs.
6875	That same year, he ruled that the private “bridge to nowhere” spanning the north shore of Flathead Lake was built without a valid permit and ordered its removal.
6876	“That’s an encouraging statement of intent from Ulster University; that this campus has an exciting future.”
6877	That's another reason I'm retiring.
6878	"That's a problem if they're not following the rules," said Orange County District Attorney Jeff Nieman.
6879	That series went seven games, making this year’s average all the more impressive since viewership tends to increase significantly as the series progresses to later games.
6880	“That’s half the fun of working in horror movies,” he shared.
6881	That's instead of them just getting bought by the clubs.
6882	That’s just senior me here — not a freshman anymore.”
6883	That’s led United to look for a younger centre-back and SportItalia say the Red Devils are ready to enter the race for Scalvini.
6884	That’s never been officially announced either and since it’s also believed to be a live service title its fate may end up being the same as The Last Of Us Online.
6885	'That's not a cat café.
6886	'That’s not entirely true.
6887	That’s not going to happen and the Government are absolutely united in relation to this.”
6888	That's pretty impressive given the subject matter of his later films (especially "The Killing of a Sacred Deer"), but "Kinetta" spends most of its runtime in relative silence, with its characters in various states of depression.
6889	“That’s really our calling.
6890	That’s right Mr. PM.
6891	“That’s the best part of the job for me.
6892	"That’s the great thing about fashion - there’s so much influence out there, and it’s always evolving."
6893	“That’s the holy grail, in a way - the prize of all the hard work and having to self-fund it is that I get to call those shots.
6894	That's the problem for Donald Trump.
6895	That’s the way I’ve always thought it should be.
6896	That's the whole point of pre-season, to show what you're made of.
6897	That story was reported by Mother Jones reporter Kiera Butler and produced by Reveal’s Steven Rascón.
6898	That suit was settled for roughly $310 million.
6899	That's up from 13.5 million bpd in 2022 when output slipped for the first time in two decades as Beijing's tough COVID-19 control measures took a toll on demand.
6900	That’s up from just 3.7% of people who said that they were a current e-cig user in 2014.
6901	That’s what’s more important for us, more than anything, really playing that kind of football.
6902	“That’s when I got arrested by immigration – when I went to Manchester immigration centre.
6903	That’s when it’s set to begin the process of reinstalling all of its collections, a project that will consume the staff.
6904	That's where you have been dead wrong.
6905	That’s why for me, I’m not worried about it.
6906	That’s why our stats are so high because everyone is always locked in.”
6907	That’s why understanding this doughnut filled with lighter elements is so important.
6908	That’s why you need alarms to be alert for danger when you’re not.
6909	That the ancestors of so many contemporary “Palestinians” immigrated from elsewhere undermines the narrative of an indigenous and cohesive ethnicity antedating Jews in the Land of Israel.
6910	That the voted him sports star of the year ahead of Max Verstappen puts everything into perspective.
6911	Thatto Heath born Michael Pennington made his alter ego Johnny while heckling another comedian at The Citadel and the rest, as they say, is history.
6912	“That translates through to import VAT being down and customs duties and combined, that has given us a deficit of R15.7 billion.
6913	That type of removal is limited to 100 miles from a border zone, but the Trump administration expanded that to the rest of the country.
6914	That type of scene recurs in the movie.
6915	That was another way this war anticipated the one in Afghanistan, where government forces melted away in the final week.
6916	That was incredibly important in BlacKkKlansmen.
6917	That was in February, I didn't see a price on the social media post, but feel free to ask when you either make your reservation on Friday for Monday May 6th or stop in and ask.
6918	That wasn’t my intention, my intention was not to be malicious or nasty or anything.”
6919	That way, you'll get thrillers and more from Hulu, plus tons of other great content.
6920	That would be an increase from the 15.5 million sold last year, but still well below the 17 million vehicles sold annually before the pandemic.
6921	That would be a problem we have to sort then.”
6922	That would give the court enough time to rule on redactions and withholdings before voters head to the polls.
6923	That would put me in the 24% tax bracket and $330 Medicare premium rate.
6924	The $14.6million Flockhill is no stranger to celebrities having hosted many A-lister guests since it opened in 2022.
6925	The $475,000 paycheck is small consolation for the whipping his overmatched team is likely to ensure.
6926	The $9,800 grant, from the Governor’s Agriculture and Forestry Industries Development Fund Planning Grant Program, will help to establish a management structure and strategic plan for the operation of the new meat-processing facility.
6927	The 10-$10 is more of a guideline than a rigid, one-size-fits-all rule.
6928	The 16-25 option costs £30 and is rail valid for one year.
6929	The 17-year-old came out on top Thursday night after beating Luke Humphries 11-7 at the finals.
6930	The 18-member EP tenpin bowling squad participated in the Tenpin Bowling Association of SA (TBASA) interprovincial tournament at Fun Company at Menlyn in Pretoria recently.
6931	The 1999 mini-series was partly filmed in Cumbria and featured Julie Walters, Andy Serkis and Michael Kitchen.
6932	The 19th Amendment made it illegal to deny any citizen based on their sex the right to vote.
6933	The 2021 presidential election saw a 48.8% turnout, while the March parliamentary election had 40.6%.
6934	The 2023 Crime in the Nation report released Monday found that the murder rate continued its decline from a surge during the pandemic and fell 11.3% last year.
6935	The 2023 symposium hosted 60-plus participants from 14 First Nations from across northeastern Ontario.
6936	The 2023 YTD increase compared to 2022 YTD is due to increased yields on earning assets, triggered by FOMC rate hikes, combined with growth of our loan portfolio.
6937	The 2024-25 Indicative Land Release Program (ILRP) sets a target of 5107 dwelling sites for 2024-25.
6938	"The 21-year-old from Lye is wanted on suspicion of burglary and assault in Lower Gornal.
6939	The 22 people injured ranged in age from 8 to 47, according to police Chief Stacey Graves.
6940	The 23-year-old helped his side to keep 14 clean sheets but also caught the eye with his attacking ability by providing seven assists for his teammates and scoring four times himself.
6941	The 23 year old made his league debut in 2018 with Limerick FC but despite the early taste of domestic football, the midfielder’s love of the game comes firmly from his Clare roots.
6942	The 26-year-old noted that the middle lane was “the place to be” to save fuel during long runs, but the advantage faded as the race went on.
6943	The 26-year-old right-hander leads the American League with nine starts of at least six innings without allowing an earned run.
6944	The 26-year-old, who owns a fleet of luxury cars, was caught exceeding the 70mph speed limit on the M60 in Manchester last December 12.
6945	The 27-year-old alerted the driver and contacted the emergency services, before performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) on the woman.
6946	The 27-year-old Ducati rider took the lead on the opening lap after starting fifth on the grid.
6947	The 3,052 United fans who will be in the Anfield Road End will wonder how many they will lose by.
6948	The 30 percent of patients who are in discussion of amputations have been undergoing treatment over the past weeks in hyperbaric oxygen tanks.
6949	The 31-year-old delivered a 3.10 ERA in 60 relief outings last season for the Cincinnati Reds and Tampa Bay Rays and is projected to pitch in the late innings in front of closer Carlos Estevez.
6950	The 32-year-old stood on her left ski into The Brink and applied her super-G skills to ride a clean edge through Pete’s Arena, gaining a 0.21-second lead by the second time check.
6951	The 32-year-old struck a pose to launch new F&F Active range.
6952	The 33-year-old was arrested by National Crime Agency (NCA) officers shortly after 8am on Wednesday in Gourock, Inverclyde, following an investigation supported by Police Scotland.
6953	The 34-year-old Dancing On Ice judge has said that she will not be flaunting her stunning figure.
6954	The 35 year-old hiker sustained injuries secondary to a 15-foot fall in a remote area of Runyon Canyon.
6955	The 35-year-old left the Argos following their championship season to join the USFL's New Orleans Breakers, leading that league with 2,433 passing yards and 14 touchdowns to go with eight interceptions in 10 games.
6956	The 36-year-old Argentine said he started viewing football from both player and manager perspectives since turning 30.
6957	The 36-year-old former kickboxer once said women should "bear responsibility" for sexual assault.
6958	The 38-year-old pointed a knife at him and demanded the shopworker empty the cash register into a plastic bag.
6959	The 42-year-old died after his rescue boat capsized near Pfaffenhofen in the region of Bavaria.
6960	The 4G feature phones come with JioChat support, which is said to allow users to stay connected with their loved ones courtesy of unlimited voice messaging, photo sharing, and group messaging options.
6961	The 53-year-old plays Jocelyn in episode Space Babies.
6962	The 600 employees of the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth hotel, also in downtown Montreal, were also on strike on Friday.
6963	The 600 or so vessels — most of them old and unsafe — transport 1.7 million barrels of oil per day, providing funding for the Russian effort, but also allegedly carrying weapons.
6964	The 67-year-old Independent candidate is succeeding departing Prime Minister Mark Rutte, set to become the next secretary-general of NATO.
6965	The 72-year-old Democrat supports Vice President Kamala Harris and Sen. Jacky Rosen, arguing that the Democrats will stop Republicans from gutting Social Security and Medicare and will provide relief for working-class Americans.
6966	The 90-minute programme will feature interviews with survivors, relatives who have lost loved ones and those working to end the violence.
6967	The A10 in Edmonton was closed in both directions following the crash, which happened at 7.15pm.
6968	“The ability for us to come together and supersize a format that’s generated in a European market is something we really learnt from ‘The Traitors’ and will be applying to this,” Havard agreed.
6969	The accident took place under Moutayiaka bridge on September 2, 2012 in the early hours of the morning.
6970	The Acclaimed then arrived and cleaned up.
6971	The accounts often posed as Americans and promoted messages in support of Russian government objectives, they said.
6972	The accreditation process entails a comprehensive evaluation of the center’s services, programs, and operational procedures to ensure alignment with CARF’s exacting criteria.
6973	The accused were arrested at the KOJC compound in Davao City last Sunday.
6974	The accused were identified as Julu Samantaray, his brother Banti Samantaray, and their cousin Pintu Samantaray, Airfi eld IIC Sashikanta Rout said.
6975	The Aces are +170 on the money line.
6976	The achievements of the youth, women and farmers of J&K are inspiring the country, the Lt Governor observed.
6977	The action kings are made for the big screen.
6978	The actor is currently promoting “Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga,” which will debut a couple of weeks after the event on May 24.
6979	The actors are close friends and host the On The Sofa podcast together, alongside Colson Smith, who plays Craig Tinker.
6980	The Addicks spent £500,000 to sign Kirk from Crewe in August 2021.
6981	“The African Development Bank is a strategic partner of the DRC, whose top authorities have decided to make agriculture the priority sector for the country’s development,” said Serge N’Guessan, the Bank’s Director General for Central Africa.
6982	The agency said the number of deaths across the continent has jumped by 19% since last year.
6983	The Aggies are now the first team out of the rankings, receiving 160 points to put them 18 points behind No. 25 Oklahoma.
6984	The AI-generated robot named Liv looks like a real person, donning a name badge and uniform and has been designed to interact with visitors in real-time.
6985	The aim here is not just a more precise approach to treatment, but also to be able to quantify how well any interventions are working.
6986	"The air compression delivers an unmatched pump that works great for enhancing blood and lymphatic circulation for recovery," she said.
6987	The Alabama State Hornets (3-5) will hope to end a three-game road slide when visiting the Southern Miss…
6988	'The Albanese government has always said that visa decisions need to be guided by two clear principles.
6989	The Albanese government is committed to set a 2035 target by February.
6990	The album promises to be a defining moment in La Même Gang’s career, offering listeners a glimpse into the hearts and minds of the artists who have shaped Ghana’s contemporary music landscape.
6991	The alert stated: "A38 Northbound partially blocked, slow traffic due to accident between A5127 (Streethay, Streethay) and Fradley Lane (Fradley Arms Junction, Fradley)."
6992	The alert states: “This flood alert has been issued due to the high tide forecast this afternoon, Friday.
6993	The allegations are part of an ongoing investigation against the 29-year-old who was charged last year in connection with a child pornography probe.
6994	“The allegations involve cover-ups, threats and a quarter century of sexual abuse by Mohamed Al Fayed after he purchased Harrods and became its chairman.”
6995	“The alleged internet fraudsters were arrested in an early morning sting operation at a “Yahoo Party” held simultaneously at Signature and Abah Clubs on Saturday, June 8, 2024 in Akure, Ondo State.
6996	The alternative is to let Gov. Hochul start a middle-class entitlement — a horrible idea even if New York had the money.
6997	The amended and 244-page HB 6 would also double performance-based funding for public higher education, raising appropriations to $201 million over the biennium.
6998	The American added: "Do I want to play a full schedule?
6999	The American Petroleum Institute (API) says the EPA has exceeded its congressional authority with a regulation that will eliminate most new gas cars and traditional hybrids from the U.S. market in less than a decade.
7000	“The amount of damage and disruption that properties are going to see depends on their elevation and construction, and their uses,” he said.
7001	The announcement was made by Minister with responsibility for digital and skills transformation Senator Dana Morris Dixon, during her presentation at the Standing Finance Committee yesterday.
7002	The annual city centre procession after the UHI Perth graduations did not go ahead this year.
7003	The anticipation for the 113th edition of the ISSA/GraceKennedy Boys & Girls Championships (Champs) reached a fever pitch as the official media launch took place at the National Stadium in Kingston on Wednesday evening.
7004	The Applause Store website explains: “We are coming to Blackpool this October and we cannot wait!
7005	The apple, which is also more scab resistant than others from its fruit family, is only grown commercially in the Hills and sold by the grower co-op Lenswood Apples.
7006	The application of reason might tell the person to lay off but will that make him or her happy, especially if he or she believes that the object of his or her affections might undergo a change of heart?
7007	The app’s Cloud Gaming feature marks the first commercial launch of Blacknut Cloud Gaming in India, providing access to over 500 premium games.
7008	The area's attractiveness to buyers from major metropolitan areas, such as Los Angeles and Denver, has also contributed to the sustained price increases.
7009	The area was known for cattle grazing and the farmland was handed between various elites before it was declared an independent area in the 17th century and the land was gradually sold off to local people.
7010	The arrests followed the execution of search warrants on April 3, 2024, at a Cumberland County compound and two additional locations, including a residence in Atlantic County, culminating a rigorous investigation.
7011	“The arrival of Luna and Plusza is a continuation of our long-standing commitment to giving lions a second chance at life,” said Gary Curran, Head of Carnivores at Five Sisters Zoo.
7012	The Associated Press “FACT CHECKED” the debate.
7013	The Atlanta Braves are slated to host the Toronto Blue Jays in a three-game series that starts on…
7014	The Atlantic City Boat Show will be a state of the art show, with something for every member of the family… regardless of age.
7015	The attacks began after Hamas launched a war against Israel on October 7, 2023 with the massacre of 1,200 people and abduction of 253 others as hostages, dragged into Gaza.
7016	The attack, which claimed the life of one Turkish citizen attending the service, occurred around 11:40 a.m. local time.
7017	THE attempt by former President David Granger to distance himself from the APNU+AFC’s electoral misconduct is not being ignored, as People’s Progressive Party/Civic (PPP/C) General Secretary Dr Bharrat Jagdeo has flayed him for dodging accountability.
7018	The attorney then suggested to her that “intelligence” indicated that Coke, who was wanted by United States authorities for drug and gunrunning offences, was there.
7019	The Australian Council of Trade Unions did not believe such an increase would be inflationary, based on the solid progress logged on consumer price growth following last year's large increase.
7020	The authority confirmed it had received reports of the residue on Friday afternoon and is investigating.
7021	The authors of the report attribute the trends to the Hamas attacks on Israel on October 7, noting the survey was undertaken in October and November last year.
7022	The average custodial sentence length was 18 months.
7023	The awards also feature a mentorship program.
7024	The awards are part of the Pearson National Teaching Awards which is an annual celebration of education that recognises the incredible work of teaching communities across the UK.
7025	The award-winning actorhospitalised in April 2023 after experiencing what was referred to by his daughter Corinne Foxx, 29, as a "medical complication".
7026	The award-winning comedy Abbott Elementary has already enjoyed three hilarious seasons, but will the Quinta Brunson series return for season 4?
7027	The Baloch ethnic insurgency has been a persistent issue throughout the past wherein a few Baloch tribal leaders have been fighting the government for their vested interests while exploiting general needs of the masses.
7028	"The band's journey through eight years of playing together on three albums has built a shared language among them that translates to mesmerising original pieces," a spokesperson said.
7029	The Bank of England has revised its inflation forecast, now expecting a rise to around 2.5% by the end of 2024, citing that "declines in energy prices last year fall out of the annual comparison".
7030	“The Bank recently signed a Charter with Confédération Africaine de Football (CAF) and the Rebranding Africa Forum (RAF) to build a robust sports’ economy, which will include commercializing and monetizing African made sports apparel and athleisure wear.
7031	The Barotseland Agreement of 1964 is way above most people’s understanding, comprehension and articulation.
7032	The bar will rise for those companies that did well last year and continue to do well—particularly in the tech space.
7033	The BBC interview with Andrew Scott was featured on the channel's news station, live from the red carpet, at London South Bank, before the BAFTAs got underway.
7034	The BCCI, along with Zimbabwe Cricket and Zimbabwe Tourism, had organised a Wild Life Tour for the Indian Cricket Team & their families in Harare.
7035	The Beach Boys had an affinity for the Netherlands since an incident several years earlier.
7036	The beans and tomatoes benefit from a short bath in the mixture.
7037	The beautiful black and white picture of and Kate was taken by royal photographer, Millie Pilkington.
7038	The beginning of our walleye summer with the Minnesota fishing opener wasn't a backdrop we are used to in this state.
7039	The Belarusian delegation also learned about the experience of Rosatom in eliminating environmental damage.
7040	The bereaved and survivors of the Grenfell Tower disaster have come together in a celebration of their loved ones a month ahead of the seventh anniversary of the devastating fire.
7041	The best of them came when Siddik got round the back on the left and drove the ball across the face of goal without anyone getting a touch.
7042	The beta software contains model numbers of all of recent Samsung flagships, as well as a few that are scheduled to come out next year.
7043	The Better Buses bill aims to completely transform the current system, as local leaders will be allowed to franchise local bus services.
7044	'The Bible does teach us to submit to one another… that give and take is necessary in any close relationship.
7045	The Biden administration’s desire to forcefully control the public narrative about the Ukraine-Russia conflict is extremely concerning, and the lack of sincere diplomatic engagement even more so.
7046	The bid was initially refused by Westminster City Council - but overturned on appeal.
7047	The big problem with the lack of airflow is the possible fire risk.
7048	“The big talking point is us not having played here much … and it’s true we don’t get these conditions at home, but it’s exciting.
7049	The bill is skipping second reading and going straight to the committee stage, so it is possible for committee hearings to take place on the bill while the legislature is not sitting.
7050	The bill, which was referred to the NCOP committee after it was passed by the National Assembly last week, will now head to the upper house for a vote before it goes to President Cyril Ramaphosa for assent.
7051	The bill will need to get the OK from the Senate Appropriations Committee to progress; a hearing has been set for Monday, April 29. It recently passed unanimously out of the Senate Education Committee.
7052	The biotech industry, often recognized for its rapid innovation, can set investors up for outsized returns in the stock market.
7053	The BJP has appointed six Lok Sabha in-charges to oversee the work.
7054	"The blacksmiths came over and they're going to do some work on it for me.
7055	The blockade made up to 80 percent of Gazans reliant on humanitarian aid even before the war, the United Nations said.
7056	The board has a deadline until the end of 2024 to resolve the accreditation issue.
7057	“The BOC remains committed to ensuring that the release of rice shipments follows the legal procedures without unnecessary delays,” Rubio was quoted in the statement as saying.
7058	The body of Denisse Oleas-Arancibia was found by staff on the floor of a hotel room.
7059	The body of the man, aged in his 60s, remains at the scene and the office of the State Pathologist has been notified.
7060	The bonfire will be lit at 6.30pm, with fireworks at 7pm.
7061	The book becomes a rousing defense of freedom.
7062	The book takes a forensic look at Christie’s crimes and the horrific methods he employed to carry them out without straying into gratuity or salaciousness like some other true crime accounts.
7063	The boost in energy and reduced stress will help you navigate the many gatherings, rich food and busy schedules ahead.
7064	The Boston Duck Tours boat, which take tourists both on water and on land, was participating in quarterly safety drills when it retrieved the pair from the water.
7065	“The BoT will never allow the APC to use some characters in the PDP to turn this beautiful and sweet Nation (Nigeria) into a one party state,” he said.
7066	The bowling team will be rewarded based on the number of wickets taken within 100 overs.
7067	The boyfriend was warned over the use of his mobile phone in court.
7068	The branch is set to close on September 12, NatWest announced in March this year.
7069	The brand was established in 1997 by founder Mr Neale and now serves over four million outdoor-loving customers a year.
7070	The Braves turned in their lowest first-half scoring effort of the season, shooting just 30% from the field and 2-15 from three.
7071	The break will give the family a chance to take stock of a difficult first half of 2024, which saw them experience several health problems and ongoing tensions with the Sussexes.
7072	The breeze has caught us, and we're like floating like this.
7073	The Brentwood Police Department headquarters on Thursday, the day after one of its officers shot and killed a Pittsburgh man.
7074	The brick and glass facade of Malt House, one of handful of notable new developments across Harlem that are supporting its burgeoning new 'life-sciences' sector.
7075	The bridge at the Bourne end of the village does indeed have a sharp bend, but heading down to that bend, is a long straight stretch of road which is regularly used as a race track.
7076	The Brisbane Lions will meet on Monday for the first serious time since the grand final and Joe Daniher’s surprising, but not shocking, decision to retire to decide what life will look like next year without their star full-forward.
7077	The British tourist is believed to have suffered serious head injuries and possible internal bleeding following the incident on Wednesday morning.
7078	The broadcaster and comedian, 67, has been on Absolute Radio since 2009 where he hosts the Saturday breakfast slot The Frank Skinner Show alongside co-hosts Emily Dean and Pierre Novellie.
7079	The broadcaster was flanked by eight police officers, and one photographer’s camera was smashed to pieces.
7080	The broadcast is still accessible on “YouTube” and on TV3’s website.
7081	The Broken one entered on stage to cheer up Nemeth.
7082	The Brooklyn-Queens Expressway acts as a visual buffer between the shelter and nearby residential areas, but it is not an actual one.
7083	The Bros. Creed, JD & Finn Balor, New Catch Republic, and AOP beat each other up while Awesome Truth watched from the sidelines.
7084	The Bruins’ average of 14.5 points per game is their lowest since they averaged the same figure in 1964 under coach Bill Barnes while going 4-6.
7085	“The building has remained empty since the day the school closed and it has been totally neglected, with no heating or maintenance of any kind since that time,” added Mr Curry, a former Rhayader county councillor.
7086	The building was decommissioned in the 1970s.
7087	The bulk of the jobs will be at Sainsbury's storesnumbering 18,000 while is set to fill another 2,000 spots.
7088	The Bulldogs did not go away and kept chipping at the Ohio lead.
7089	The Bulldogs netted minus-2 yards rushing and Beck completed 7 of 13 passes for 56 yards.
7090	The bunker's hatch and ladder takes the occupant 20ft down into a ground studio with cream carpets, a sheepskin rug, cream velvet curtains and a double bed with bright yellow throw.
7091	The burning of Michal Adanchi’s house in Plateau State by local women is a stark manifestation of the deep-seated frustrations and grievances within the community.
7092	“The burning really hurt my skin.
7093	The business has a 50 day moving average of $303.19 and a 200 day moving average of $276.60.
7094	The business has a fifty day moving average of $131.34 and a two-hundred day moving average of $124.25.
7095	The buzz truly began in July, when The White Lotus’s everyman-hunk sent the internet into a spiral as the paparazzi caught him in barely-there white briefs modelling a new Dolce & Gabbana campaign in Capri.
7096	The C63 does get some hybrid-specific displays to help keep track of how the battery pack’s charge is being used, plus steering-wheel controls for drive modes, artificial sound enhancement, stability control, and the level of regenerative braking.
7097	The Cabinet of Ministers in Sri Lanka has approved extending the retirement age of all doctors to 63 years.
7098	The cabin, in gray mouse fur and plastics, seems inviting in the pictures, a stark contrast to the truck’s “I may kill you” exterior vibe.
7099	The Calgary Stampede, meanwhile, is exempt from the noise rules during its 10-day run.
7100	The calls for action come amid fear of an all-out war in the Middle East following an on Iran’s capital on Saturday.
7101	"The campaign to recruit more home carers has really helped tackle this and this is where we can see it making a real difference.
7102	The candidates, Abdul Abbasi and Logan West, were affordability, supports for survivors of sexual and gender-based violence (SGBV), and access to transportation and mental health.
7103	The candidate's admit card will contain information including the candidate's name, roll number, enrollment number, test name, examination centre location, date, time, and day of test instructions.
7104	The candidate selected to replace Tony for Labour, at his selection meeting, made an unfortunate remark about the Israeli government’s role in the Hamas attack in October.
7105	The cannon was seized by the District Collector in 1996 after receiving a “negative report” from the police authority following alleged injuries sustained by two persons during the 1995 procession on the occasion of Dev Diwali.
7106	The cardholder’s flight has been cancelled and the transaction was debited by an online travel agent (OTA).
7107	The case is backed by Iran, Brazil’s far-Left president, Ireland and Egypt: we must have been transported into an alternative, Kafkaesque universe.
7108	The case stems from the Alabama Department of Labor’s lengthy delays in processing claims during the COVID-19 pandemic.
7109	The cash brought in by these penalties cannot be used within the council's baseline budget and any income should go back into the enforcement and education.
7110	The casserole pot, which came with a lid, was £5.
7111	The cause and effect have not been lost on the American public.
7112	“The cause of the outage is unknown and there are no indications of malicious activity,” the US Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (within the Department of Homeland Security) reported at 5 am ET.
7113	The celebration was further enriched with a musical performance by Ellie Choate, a member of Chapter DJ, and Gary Woodward, husband of member Jeanette Woodward.
7114	The Celtics faced a unique matchup on Monday, as the Hornets went small by starting old friend Grant Williams at center against Porzingis.
7115	The central government, for one, seems to be in the dark.
7116	The Centre maintains a buffer stock for food security and price stability.
7117	The ceremony marks the fifth change of command for the Expeditionary District since it was established in 2021 from the merger of the Transatlantic Afghanistan District and Task Force Essayons.
7118	The ceremony not only celebrated his recent honor but also showcased his illustrious journey, embellished with previous accolades such as the State Award in 1984 and the National Award in 1995.
7119	The ceremony will also be live-streamed on the Libsyn YouTube page.
7120	The chair of the Ottawa negotiations told Reuters he planned to split national delegates into seven working groups this week to work on unresolved issues, including what the treaty should include and how it should be implemented.
7121	The Champion of Champions closed livestock judging in the afternoon, with the Cattle Interbreed Champion, Sheep Interbreed Champion, Best Chicken, and carriage driving Champion pony going head to head.
7122	"The Championship, as we've all known, I've been in it numerous years, the intensity and the games come thick and fast."
7123	The chances were flowing late on and this time the home sent went close.
7124	The changing face of UK terrorism has been highlighted by officials through five Derbyshire cases, ranging from a 15-year-old boy to a 40-year-old man.
7125	The characters are reduced to ideas of the suffocating Jewish mother — outdated and boring humor.
7126	The charges come amid an ongoing crisis at the southern border that has become one of the top political issues in the country, in part, due to a number of high-profile crimes allegedly committed by illegal immigrants.
7127	The charming UK seaside village with 'best fish and chips ever'
7128	The Charter stipulates that the notwithstanding clause is valid for five years, after which time a government would have to renew it.
7129	The chatbot says: 'The display is sleek with minimal bezels and a soft crease in the middle when unfolded.
7130	“The chat where he was disturbing the guy he wants to refund immediately after he saw my video and the chat where he blackmailed the guy, asking for the money,” he continued.
7131	The chefs Lee Hanson and Riad Nasr have restored the French gem Le Veau d’Or on the Upper East Side.
7132	“The chemical reaction between the two substances produces oxygen, which is a powerful cleaning agent.
7133	The Chicago Bulls and the Brooklyn Nets hit the court in one of many compelling matchups on the NBA schedule today.
7134	The Chinese military understands that such mock-ups are very likely to be detected by the powerful assets of the U.S. Intelligence Community and military – and even by commercial satellites.
7135	The chocolate fountain will sit alongside the factory, just north of Hobart overlooking the River Derwent, offering chocoholics a sweet taste of the Apple Isle.
7136	The choice belongs to the voters, not the courts," he wrote on X, the social media platform once called Twitter.
7137	The church dates back to 1095 C.E. and is considered to be one of the most important historic sites in Ireland.
7138	The Circuit Court of Cook County announced plans to open an extra court facility that will be available until midnight to process convention-related arrests, with some judges clearing their calendars to be able to assist.
7139	The circumstances surrounding his death remain unclear, adding to the growing list of Putin's critics meeting mysterious fates.
7140	The city charter currently dedicates the Inner Harbor as a public park, and the proposed amendment will ask voters to change the charter to allow residential development and parking.
7141	The city is architecturally characterised by its colonial-era buildings, but its place as the centre of the 1959 revolution and a focal point of Afro-Cuban culture has come to define it in the modern day.
7142	The City of Los Angeles’ Department of Recreation and Parks, Aquatics Division, has announced it is actively seeking candidates for lifeguard positions with open recruitment opportunities beginning Saturday, Jan.
7143	The City of Winnipeg notes that Millennium Library will be closed at 6 p.m. on Tuesday.
7144	The city’s mayor Brad West says it has been diligently upgrading infrastructure over the years and the city will be conducting a comprehensive review.
7145	“The clearest path to a Republican Senate majority runs through Montana.”
7146	The clip of Ed Sheeran went viral on social media.
7147	The closest Walmart and Target are at least a 45-minute drive away.
7148	The closure comes six months after the group closed its neighbouring venue Cafeteria, an upmarket retro cafe serving top notch breakfasts, pie and mash and chip butties.
7149	The club are expected to pay around £18million for the Dane. the move is likely to pave the way for Robert Sanchez to leave the club.
7150	The Clyde fishing fleet is reported to be aging faster than other Scottish fleets.
7151	The CMEs that arrived Friday afternoon and caused Friday night’s unusually bright light show are now passing out of the atmosphere.
7152	The coach will never get fired.
7153	The coastguard had received a 999 call reporting a person had been cut off by the tide and was possibly despondent near the old mining depot and the entrance to Castle Pill.
7154	The cold snap, perhaps the last gasps of winter, comes after the province enjoyed moderately fine to warm weather for the past few weeks.
7155	The college basketball lineup on Thursday, which includes the Campbell Fighting Camels versus the Citadel Bulldogs, is sure to please.
7156	The Colts snapped a two-game losing skid with a 36-0 win over Paramount.
7157	The comedian told : “The James Corden I know is not the person I sometimes see being reported on.
7158	The comment was greeted with cheers and applause from mourners, after Godley was photographed at Turnberry resort with her infamous “unwelcome” sign for the incoming US president in 2016.
7159	“The Commissioner of Police FCT, Olatunji Disu, condemned the incident, noting dangers associated with illegal firearms.”
7160	The Commission on Native Children presented its report to a U.S. Senate committee.
7161	The committee organized and distributed articles within the state but also to Antifederalists in other states.
7162	The committee will present its recommendations regarding these proposals in the next meeting of the federal cabinet.
7163	The communique stated: “There is urgent need to complete the East-West Road which was awarded nearly twenty years ago, to ease transportation across the region.”
7164	The community-driven programme encourages individuals to wear an orange button as a visible symbol of support and a signal to others that they are approachable and willing to listen.
7165	The community has grown cynical about high-speed rail after decades of on-again, off-again planning, but Mr Parker said he believed the government was genuine about building it.
7166	The community is encouraged to submit their preference.
7167	The community members can print their own designs on the chocolate, such as cultural symbols or emblems.
7168	The company developed INVYMAB, a platform that combines viral surveillance and predictive modeling with advanced antibody engineering.
7169	The company did not respond to a request for comment on whether the Alaska Airlines flight was linked to Boeing’s recent quality problems.
7170	The company found a loophole that helps it skirt more rigorous safety protocols.
7171	The company had a trading volume of 3,927,893 shares, compared to its average volume of 4,920,363.
7172	The company had revenue of $1.71 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.63 billion.
7173	The company had revenue of $17.30 billion for the quarter.
7174	The company had revenue of $2.49 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.65 billion.
7175	The company has a 50-day moving average price of $112.92 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $116.34.
7176	The company has a 50 day moving average price of $6.88 and a 200 day moving average price of $7.55.
7177	The company has a current ratio of 0.72, a quick ratio of 0.72 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 7.51.
7178	The company has a current ratio of 2.36, a quick ratio of 2.31 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 2.85.
7179	The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.28, a quick ratio of 1.78 and a current ratio of 2.62.
7180	The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 93.99, a current ratio of 0.26 and a quick ratio of 0.08.
7181	The company has a market capitalization of $23.06 billion, a P/E ratio of 136.03 and a beta of 0.92.
7182	The company has a market capitalization of $378.24 million, a P/E ratio of 8.46 and a beta of 0.73.
7183	The company has a market capitalization of $3.83 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.19 and a beta of 2.12.
7184	The company has a market capitalization of $51.76 billion, a PE ratio of 9.00, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 2.66 and a beta of 1.12.
7185	The company has a market capitalization of $993.49 million, a PE ratio of -13.05 and a beta of 1.32.
7186	The company has a market cap of $1.23 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of -28.82 and a beta of 1.60.
7187	The company has a market cap of $17.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 209.15, a PEG ratio of 2.97 and a beta of 0.41.
7188	The company has a market cap of $1.78 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.42 and a beta of 1.13.
7189	The company has a market cap of $20.53 billion, a PE ratio of 13.97, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 4.09 and a beta of 1.32.
7190	The company has a market cap of $32.38 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.66, a PEG ratio of 3.54 and a beta of 0.57.
7191	The company has a quick ratio of 1.88, a current ratio of 2.19 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.82.
7192	The company is set to undergo changes in 2024, including layoffs, according to Travis Perkins' year-end financial report for 2023 on the London Stock Exchange.
7193	The company lists the breaking of VPNs as a known issue in the release notes for the recent update.
7194	The company made 103 deals worth $1 million or more in the final quarter of 2023, of which 21 deals are worth $10 million.
7195	The company reported ($0.11) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.06) by ($0.05).
7196	The company reported $0.55 EPS for the quarter.
7197	The company reported $2.34 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.70 by $0.64.
7198	The company reported revenue of $225.09 million.
7199	The company reported that its U.S. sales had increased 5 percent in its most recent quarter, comfortably surpassing Wall Street estimates.
7200	The company’s 50 day moving average is $124.94 and its 200 day moving average is $126.79.
7201	The company’s 50-day moving average price is $336.11 and its 200-day moving average price is $311.87.
7202	The company said besides Cadbury Celebrations gifting portfolio, Cadbury Silk and Bournville gifting packs will also aid in driving the premium category growth.
7203	The company said it expects the approvals process to be completed over the next 18 months and it does not intend to resume mining operations until approvals to build and operate the tailings storage area have been received.
7204	The company’s revenue was up 43.9% compared to the same quarter last year.
7205	The competition was fierce, but they received the recognition and took the trophy home.”
7206	“The complainant councillor Ali has provided evidence from a range of sources showing the Liberal Democrat group has been publicly supportive of the selective licensing scheme.
7207	The complaint was lodged against the dargah management, Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), State Environment Department, Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA), BMC, and the Urban Development Department.
7208	The completion of the SLC building represents the final piece in the jigsaw for Drum Property Group’s Buchanan Wharf site, one of Scotland’s largest ever development projects.
7209	The concept is good.
7210	The concerned applicants are requested to apply with necessary documents to the Ministry of Commerce (Deputy Secretary, Export-2 Branch, Room No. 127, Building No. 3, Ministry of Commerce, Bangladesh Secretariat) by 24/09/2024.
7211	The concern in this case has to do with the discovery of manganese and other bacteria in some of the water samples taken by the company.
7212	The condition, which says can be fatal in 5 to 10 percent of cases, attacks the nervous system and can cause paralysis.
7213	The construction site covers more than 2.4 hectares, located between Kalbajar's public center and city park.
7214	The content capture — at least for movies — was never a limitation.
7215	The contest is meant to promote the cultural exchange between the Falklands and the region, and to spread knowledge about the Falkland Islands and its people.
7216	The control characteristics of steady velocity with voltage and electrode spacing were given.
7217	The conversation moves back and forth with the continual emergence of new meaning.
7218	The Coordinator of the situation room and Executive Director, Citizens for Development and Education, Ambassador Ibrahim Waiya, made the commendation in Kano.
7219	The Copernicus Climate Change Service and the World Meteorological Organization confirmed that July reported the highest global average temperature since records began.
7220	The correct repair is to sand all of the clear coat off and then re-spray clear coat on the affected areas of the car.
7221	The Costa Rican foreign minister later offered Ms Machado and Mr González political asylum, saying that his government "had been informed of arrest warrants" against the two.
7222	The cost of covering this trip would be $300.
7223	The cost of renting in one Surrey borough has risen an eye-watering 15.1% in just 12 months.
7224	The cost of those buildings made up the majority of the questions from attendees.
7225	“The councilâ€™s roads team are doing a sterling job in keeping the roads clear, but with conditions set to worsen from this afternoon our strong advice is that people should stay home where they can and avoid any unnecessary travel.
7226	The council had moved against Oba Sowemimo for publicly degrading Nigerian currency, an offence which contravenes law of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN).
7227	The council has approved a number of documents relating to the demolition and restoration and provided a condition that the work must be done in line with the approved plans.
7228	The council said UC administrators have threatened faculty for teaching about the history of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and launched disciplinary proceedings for those supporting on-campus student encampments.
7229	The council's Rapid Re-Housing Transition Plan (RRTP), introduced in 2018, aims to provide sustainable, permanent housing and reduce dependency on temporary accommodation.
7230	The council will vote on approval at its next meeting.
7231	The countdown is on for the first ever Santa Run for Life in Louth in aid of Cancer Research UK.
7232	The country is located with its east coast on the Caspian Sea, Russia and Georgia to the north, Armenia to the east (and containing territory claimed by both Armenia and Azerbaijan), and Iran to the south.
7233	The country is on the precipice of becoming a regional hub for oil and gas, making great strides towards maximizing its recourses for the betterment of the regional population.
7234	The country is stepping up its game, competing head-to-head with German industrial companies – not just in China, but also in Germany and in other key markets, especially in the automotive and mechanical engineering sectors.
7235	The country’s embattled president, François Bozizé, slipped away to Cameroon.
7236	The county appealed the trial court’s decision, arguing that the statute gave power to the board of county commissioners to set election directors’ pay to the $12 per hour minimum and that they had paid Gilbert well above this requirement.
7237	The county now has agreements in place with the Forest Service, which owns the put-in land, that allow Open Space and Trails rangers to manage parking and issue tickets there.
7238	The county will work to install the readers in other areas, once those municipalities approve agreements with the district attorney, Jones said.
7239	The couple got married on March 27 this year," he said.
7240	The couple had been renovating the café since April 2023 after it previously being called Café Lavender, before it opened just weeks ago on May 15.
7241	The couple said having their daughter go off puberty blockers would be 'traumatizing'
7242	The couple's big day was always going to include an intimate ceremony at the Sydney Opera House, followed by some time on the Bennelong Lawn and a reception at Cabra-Vale Diggers.
7243	The coup was supposed to be a temporary condition to speed things up.
7244	The court also found that the defendants assisted and facilitated other telemarketing companies by paying them to make approximately 40 million calls to consumers on the Do Not Call Registry.
7245	The court also sentenced him to seven years imprisonment for conspiracy in the murder of the deceased person.
7246	The court appearances also follow on from the government’s pledge to come down harshly on criminals, with PM Sir having already pledged that “those who have participated in this violence will face the full force of the law.”
7247	The court heard that officers may have ‘deliberately lied’ to adduce confessions from Mr Campbell, who was interviewed 14 times but in some cases did not have a solicitor or appropriate adult present, which Mr Birnbaum said was ‘disgraceful’.
7248	The court heard the defendant made off with the device, valued at £139, without making any payment.
7249	"The court missed an opportunity to reflect on the gravity of the responsibility of public officials to protect the lives and safety of the public, and to remind state leaders and members of society of this," the families said.
7250	The CP however noted that the Command has not given preferential treatment to any kidnap victim or treat one as more important than others.
7251	The CPS Board originally approved the purchase of body-worn cameras on Jan.
7252	The CQC were contacted by whistleblowers raising concerns around resident safety and "poor culture", with staff lacking skills to handle people's needs.
7253	The crash site has since been covered with stuffed animals, flowers, candles, and a stroller with a heart-shaped cutout that reads: : 'Remembering the precious lives lost on March 16, 2024.'
7254	“The cream is a lovely velvety texture that just glides on to the skin, and is so easily absorbed.
7255	The credit approved by the IDB will support policy reforms and is the first in a series of two consecutive loans technically linked to each other, although financed independently, the statement added.
7256	The crew of a cargo ship in the Red Sea was forced to evacuate after it was attacked by the Houthi militia in Yemen.
7257	The crisis in Haiti is complex and multi-dimensional.
7258	The crowd chants "bullsh--t" which Ripley agrees with because the championship means the world to her and why it's so painful.
7259	The crowd have come alive.
7260	The crowd of about 40 vocalized its concerns with the future of the old legacy bar at 200 Capp St.
7261	The crowd of family members and Citizenship and Immigration officials erupted in applause, and some of the new citizens waved small American flags in the air.
7262	The crucial point was that the employer had feigned organisational change in order to transform employment contracts into self-employment.
7263	The Cubs certainly have options if they want relievers capable of throwing multiple innings or even spot starts if needed with Smyly, Javier Assad and Hayden Wesneski all filling both roles last year.
7264	The culmination of a bike appeal in Dudley has been celebrated at Brierley Hill Police Station on Friday.
7265	The current Mavericks Awards season wraps up on April 15 and the award party is scheduled for May 4 in Half Moon Bay.
7266	The current systems are antiquated and unreliable, said Superintendent Ken Bissell.
7267	The curriculum she put together, with the support of her family, is a step-by-step program that entails 10 sessions.
7268	The Dalby defeat was Bonfim’s final bout representing Cerrado MMA.
7269	The DA statement likewise announced the appointment of Engineer Roger Navarro as DA Undersecretary for operations in a concurrent capacity with his other designations.
7270	The data was shared with Search Engine Land by enterprise SEO platform BrightEdge and its BrightEdge Generative Parser, which has been tracking and monitoring SGE and AI Overviews since late last year.
7271	The dead week between Christmas and the new year has always been conducive to introspection, the hours usually spent working or socializing suddenly freed up for stewing in regret, rethinking bad habits or planning a comeback.
7272	“The death penalty does affect marginalized communities,” Ashcraft said.
7273	The debate was impassioned — and prompted Keith Ellis, a regent, to implore his peers to practice “decorum.”
7274	The deceased, 72, was a native of Oka Akoko, Akoko South West Local Government Area of Ondo State.
7275	The decision wasn't always a guarantee, and though the show performed well on the charts, put it on thin ice from the beginning.
7276	The decision, which was not unanimous due to a dissenting vote from one of the judges, can still be appealed.
7277	"The declaration of this martial law was made out of my desperation.
7278	The dedication and love of chess were evident as some young players engaged in three to four-hour-long games.
7279	The defence added that they wanted the court to appoint a psychiatrist to examine the defendant to confirm whether he was of sound mind.
7280	The Delhi High Court heard part of the arguments on behalf of Jacqueline Fernandez.
7281	The demonstrations follow similar counter-protests in Bathgate and Paisley on Friday, which were the first to be held in Scotland following riots across parts of England.
7282	The Department of Census and Statistics (DCS) publishes official poverty statistics based on the Official Poverty Line (OPL) in Sri Lanka.
7283	The departure from the polished realm of marketing may seem risky, as the rawness of lo-fi content could potentially portray products or services in a less-than-aspirational light.
7284	The detachable side tray comes with two cup holders, a phone holder, and a book *or* tablet holder.
7285	The devices were straightforward to install and make chimes and announcements to let me know they’re working.
7286	The dinner marks the end of a busy week for the Biden campaign.
7287	The Dior Chiffre Rouge returns after a nine-year hiatus.
7288	The diplomatic moves, such as easing tensions in Yemen and opening communication channels with Iran, have positioned the GCC as a key player in regional security.
7289	The directors make a welcome commitment to practical effects, which makes this unicorn of a movie all the more unique, in that it upholds an aesthetic that may also be going extinct.
7290	The dispersal order gives a police officer or PCSO the power to exclude a person from the area for up to 48 hours.
7291	The disposable vape ban is part of the Government's response to its consultation on smoking and vaping, which was launched in October last year.
7292	The distributed message lists 18 potential hotspots for trouble.
7293	The distribution of preferences was undertaken on Monday afternoon.
7294	The district continues to surpass state averages in student achievement, particularly in Content Mastery and Readiness.
7295	The disturbing love notes and Snapchats that unveiled predatory teacher Rebecca Joynes have been laid bare.
7296	The divisional commissioner affirmed the commitment to organising such health camps in every district in the division.
7297	The Dobermann is a particularly popular choice for the US army, where they have earned the nickname 'the Devil Dog of the Marines' since first serving during Wold War 2. Their strenrth and athleticism makes them a great choice for a patrol dog.
7298	The doctors, under the banner of Healthcare Professionals of Private Hospitals, assured that emergency services in all medical facilities will remain operational.
7299	The document, which spanned two pages, read: 'These parasites had it coming.
7300	The DOJ has called the costs "excessive."
7301	The Dolphins continued making moves involving edge defenders on Wednesday.
7302	The donation was handed over to two of the festival's 'leading lights' - Danny Kerr and Laura Potter - and was gratefully received.
7303	The Dow Jones Industrial Average, however, retreated 0.1 percent to 39,344.
7304	The driver felt so bad he leapt in, talking to me about his family.
7305	“The drivers should not be blamed for the high fares because we too are feeling the pain.
7306	The ‘D Tower’ elevator went out of service on Dec. 25 around 7:30 p.m. due to a broken car cable, a letter sent to residents two days later stated.
7307	The Duchess was accompanied by 26 members of the Royal Family for the festive event.
7308	The Ducks migrated north for the final time this season, heading to Seattle for a pair of matches with the Kraken before a three-game swing through Western Canada.
7309	The duo were away on international duty for over a month.
7310	The DVLA says: "You can use the following to confirm your name and address: driving licence, utility, Council Tax or rates bill from the last 6 months, bank or building society statement from the last 6 months and national identity card.
7311	The Eagles (15-7 overall) have been title winners and contenders for decades, but hadn’t won a D-II state crown since 2015.
7312	The Eagles have gone just 1-3 since then, losing their hold on the NFC East and the conference’s No. 2 seed along the way.
7313	The Eagles haven’t been as formidable on defense in Vic Fangio’s first season, ranking 13th in EPA per play.
7314	The early window, with each network airing three games, was something of a dud (comparatively speaking).
7315	The Earthshot Prize Council is chaired by The Earthshot Prize Board of Trustees Chair, Dame Christiana Figueres, architect of the Paris Agreement.
7316	The eastern edge of the proposed campground would border the park.
7317	The EcoFeria has had an extremely enriching experience, it is a project that has become the heart of a community, both from the producers to the community, as well as the organization in general.
7318	The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC and Nigeria Financial Intelligence Unit, NFIU, on Wednesday, March 20, 2024 mapped out fresh strategies geared towards Nigeria’s exit from Financial Action Task Force, FATF’s Grey List.
7319	The editor of the Spectator, Fraser Nelson, has : “There are serious issues at stake in this general election, and the Tories have just released nonsense figures with fake attribution and given it to newspapers who took it on trust.
7320	The education department has suspended the accused teacher, they said.
7321	The Edwards Trinity aquifer is closest to the surface.
7322	The effects of the relentless season of storms have had huge consequences for those whose lives and livelihoods depend on the land.
7323	The EKO Smile application enables pump activation, and remote payment for fuel and other products and services.
7324	The election takes place against the backdrop of a crackdown that has crippled independent media and prominent rights groups and given Putin full control of the political system.
7325	The Electrathon competition provided a platform for these young minds to delve into science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) through an immersive, hands-on experience.
7326	The elysian ambiance, the conversation, the scalp massage, and the relaxation of entrusting my hair to an expert all contributed.
7327	The embodiment of the mean girl archetype, Dolce adds a dose of antagonism but ultimately remains a borderline background character.
7328	The employee continued to refuse, saying her camera didn’t impact the productivity or outcome of the call and that meeting invites should include if cameras being on are mandatory.
7329	The enchanting Castle Combe in Wiltshire has much to offer visitors besides its beauty.
7330	The ending of the movie was open-ended, leaving room for anything to happen.
7331	The Enforcement Agents appointed by Huntingdonshire District Council are members of CIVEA and accredited by the Enforcement Conduct Board.
7332	The engineers concluded the accident was not caused by negligence on Ferrari’s part, but by cat’s eye reflectors (via ).
7333	The engineers, the technicians that will work in this new gas sector that we are looking at for the next eight months.
7334	The engineer was not shy in saying that the ASUS ROG Z13 Flow 2025 tablet was made for Strix Halo, with some huge details leaked.
7335	The England international has endured a torrid time at Old Trafford since a £55million move from Chelsea in 2023, missing four months of last season with a calf injury and only playing 12 times this term due to multiple setbacks.
7336	“The entire market has suffered losses,” responded another.
7337	The entrepreneur said: “My clients make ridiculous amounts of money – up to £200,000 at the drop of a hat from one video.”
7338	The EPA announced the audit to not only assess telework performance but also to ensure “correct locality pay,” which reflects the cost of living in parts of the country, in a memo exclusively to the Daily Caller News Foundation by Ernst’s office.
7339	The EPA’s director of regulatory services, Duncan Pendrigh, on Monday said the regulator would write to all councils urging them to examine their quality assurance processes for construction and landscape work.
7340	The episode teases it before thrusting Adriana and the viewers back into reality and the tragic inevitability that comes with it.
7341	The estimate is also used at the (Next Level Up in Aggregation) in case of the disappearance of the index for a whole sub-group or a higher group reaching up to the major groups that constitute the index.
7342	The Eurohike Air Genus 800 Air Tent normally costs £850 but it is currently part of a half price or better deal at Go Outdoors.
7343	The European champions delivered a 3-1 win in the second leg at the Etihad Stadium.
7344	The European New Car Assessment Program started testing AEB for turning effectiveness last year, and has for several years required automakers to build systems that totally avoid crashes at higher speeds.
7345	The European Union employs around 1,400 full-time interpreters across 24 languages, based around the bloc.
7346	The evening’s theme is “elbow grease”, and you’re asked to prepare a story about putting in long hours, toiling over work and burning the midnight oil.
7347	The event began with a ribbon cutting in Glenfield Park.
7348	The event focuses on the important role women played in death practices of the past.
7349	The event hadn’t gone too badly, but it didn’t lend itself to the far-right trolling and bomb throwing she excels at, either.
7350	The event is live on Sky Sports Arena from 1am andSky Sports Main Event from 1.15am on Sunday.
7351	The events are accessible to all, irrespective of business experience, with an aim to nurture collaboration and mutual backup.
7352	The event took place at Pop Brixton, located in the neighbourhood where Rob has spent much of the past 20 years raising his family.
7353	The event, which commemorated 80 years of successful operations in India under the theme ‘Infin80’, saw Ved Sharma’s exemplary performance recognized by his peers.
7354	The event will also feature Abi Flynn, a star in the making, known for her melodic vocals, and Lovely Laura & Ben Santiago, a widely admired Ibiza DJ & sax duo.
7355	The evidence is piling up.
7356	The examiner, Alison Arden Besunder, wrote in a December 2019 preliminary report that Murphy had “repeatedly failed to comply” with the law and had “continued to thwart her fiduciary obligations as Guardian.”
7357	The excitement he felt when they first got to the Road is gone; now, he just wants to go home — something that seems to concern Agatha greatly.
7358	“The Executors cannot in good faith contend that the Estate does not have sufficient available funds to allow the Trust to make the requested payment,” Bigi’s grandmother contended in the documents.
7359	The expansion into the Southwest is thanks to a development agreement with franchise organisation Khidmat Limited.
7360	The experienced South Korean has repeatedly shown he is one of the deadliest finishes around.
7361	The experts also emphasized that the UAE is an exceptional and attractive destination for investment in areas such as AI, advanced technologies, and data centers.
7362	The explanations of various movements mocking contemporary dance is hysterical.
7363	“The eyes of the energy world are looking at Kununurra to see how this goes.”
7364	“The FAA is requiring immediate inspections of certain Boeing 737 Max 9 planes before they can return to flight,” FAA Administrator Mike Whitaker said.
7365	The fab facility expects to have the capacity to produce 50,000 wafers per month, and it aims to manufacture 3 billion chips annually for a variety of market segments, including high-power computers, electric vehicles, telecom and power electronics.
7366	The fact still have a chance of making the top six is cause for celebration in itself, such has been the nature of this roller-coaster season.
7367	The fact that I had played for Sunderland in the early part of my career didn’t even cross my mind.
7368	The fact that the Boat Parade has been a constant in the area is something that stands out for McMillan.
7369	The Fairbanks North Star Borough Animal Shelter is at capacity for dogs, with limited options for those that can’t be adopted out quickly.
7370	The fall sparked all sorts of reactions across social media, and Charly Boy was not exempt.
7371	THE fate of the Grangemouth refinery has been sealed after ministers agreed to support its "transition" following a crunch meeting on the site's future.
7372	The father-and-son duo had their arms around each other in the picture, posted shortly after Barlow celebrated his son's achievement completing the Ironman competition, which saw him tackle a 2.4-mile swim, 112-mile bike ride, and 26.2-mile run.
7373	The father-of-three had bought the place to make money, things were tough and it wasn't a loss he had expected.
7374	The Federal Aviation Administration, or FAA, had barred Boeing from expanding 737 production in January, saying “the quality assurance issues we have seen are unacceptable.”
7375	The federal court in West Virginia’s northern district would maintain jurisdiction to enforce its terms and resolve any disputes that may come up, according to the agreement.
7376	The Federal Drive with Tom Temin got an update on this and other Hill matters from WTOP Capitol Hill Correspondent Mitchell Miller.
7377	The federal government’s changes have helped more Australians see a GP, but peak doctors’ groups say the reforms are only a “down payment” on what they want to see in next month’s budget to help reduce healthcare costs.
7378	The Federal Trade Commission is sending over $5.6 million in refunds to Ring customers affected by the security company’s privacy data breach.
7379	The feeling is hope.
7380	The fermentation vessel suddenly springs a major leak, blasting the guy and throwing him backwards and to the floor.
7381	The festival is like my mother.”
7382	The festival sees an entire symphony orchestra assemble itself for a week each summer in this small seaside town in West Somerset.
7383	The FF's also knew that if the more primitive types got their onanistic hands on government, it would be that much harder to get a drink and spend evenings out with the babes.
7384	The figurehead was Adam Mercer-King, and after poring over articles about him, Delta determined he was half dum-dum, half slob.
7385	The film follows Leonard Shelby (Guy Pearce), a man living with short-term memory loss, as he seeks vengeance for his wife’s murder.
7386	The film premiered globally at the Sundance Film Festival in 2023, winning the Audience Award in the World Cinema Dramatic competition.
7387	The film’s also an indirect indictment of the incompetence of the Democratic Party in making the case for equitable tax levies as the keystone of a functioning civil society.
7388	The film seemed to be juggling too many characters, and condensing the cast for the next installment could help it be more focused.
7389	The film, which stars Michael York as Logan 5, Jenny Agutter as Jessica 6, and Richard Jordan as Francis 7, is set in a dystopian future where citizens live in a seemingly utopian society governed by a computer.
7390	The final cost of construction came in at $16.8 million, which would be about $282 million if built today.
7391	The final race of the day saw Bruce Huber’s bright green spinnaker evident, at the front of the fleet.
7392	The final sections of focus on wildfires in North America and how they can be prevented by adopting traditional Native American techniques of fire suppression, which were themselves suppressed by European colonisers.
7393	The Final will mark the return to Las Vegas where the Supercross has historically hosted their Finals in the past.
7394	The financial information presented for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and September 30, 2024, is unaudited.
7395	The financial services provider reported $3.69 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $3.28 by $0.41.
7396	“The Fire Inside,” in theaters now, dramatizes her remarkable journey, from poverty in Flint, Michigan, to being a two-time Olympic boxing Gold Medalist known as “T-Rex.”
7397	The firm acquired 1,621 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock, valued at approximately $506,000.
7398	The firm had revenue of $123.32 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $119.50 million.
7399	The firm had revenue of $1.53 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.50 billion.
7400	The firm had revenue of $1.71 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.07 billion.
7401	The firm had revenue of $1.98 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2 billion.
7402	The firm had revenue of $3.56 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.47 billion.
7403	The firm had revenue of $939.00 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $905.53 million.
7404	The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $140.95 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $128.15.
7405	The firm has a 50-day moving average price of C$0.70 and a 200-day moving average price of C$0.64.
7406	The firm has a fifty day moving average price of $1,150.51 and a 200 day moving average price of $1,081.98.
7407	The firm has a market capitalization of $2.61 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 6.18 and a beta of 1.18.
7408	The firm has a market capitalization of $7.14 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.79 and a beta of 0.87.
7409	The firm has a market capitalization of £77.90 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of -3,050.00 and a beta of 0.27.
7410	The firm has been contacted for comment on these rumours.
7411	The firm has kicked off its sponsorship with a Christmas Jumper Day.
7412	The firm is part of Dauson Environmental Group, which also owns -based Atlantic Recycling, a company that transports waste across south Wales to the Withyhedge site.
7413	The firm owned 16,187 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 134 shares during the period.
7414	The firm owned 2,258 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock after selling 694 shares during the quarter.
7415	The firm purchased 6,088 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $681,000.
7416	The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $666.16 and its two-hundred day moving average price is $634.64.
7417	The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 8.56 and its two-hundred day moving average price is GBX 9.99.
7418	“The first 4,000 organic birds arrived in 2017.”
7419	The first 55 minutes of the Falcons' win in Philadelphia weren't convincing, as once again looked like a guy struggling to bounce back from an Achilles injury.
7420	The first aspect to observe is whether Xi Jinping has long intended to purge the military-industrial faction.
7421	The first candidate for associate justice was Jaden Nguyen, a second-year political science major.
7422	The first confirmed performer for this year's Brits is.
7423	The first half involved packing up a house to move â€“ made all the more lively and fun when the items are juggled, couches dived over, and tables slid across and used to backbend off.
7424	The first half of the year has been strong with improved sales rates and robust average selling prices, despite ongoing affordability challenges.
7425	The first half showed stunning video of the stadium blanketed under snow.
7426	The first map on the Blue Box, designed in 1934, an area reaching from the Mediterranean into present-day Lebanon and Jordan.
7427	The first official Olympics poster appeared for the in Stockholm and was chosen through an artistic competition.
7428	The First Omen stars Nell Tiger Free (Servant), Tawfeek Barhom (Mary Magdalene), Sonia Braga (Kiss of the Spider Woman), Ralph Ineson (The Northman), and Bill Nighy (Living).
7429	The first time I hiked the Great Wall was in June 2019.
7430	The flagship enterprise product, Flutterwave For Business (FFB), which banks, startups, and companies in e-commerce, transportation, and FMCG use to accept payments, generates 90% of the fintech’s revenue.
7431	The flagship smartphone was unveiled alongside the and features a Hasselblad-branded quad rear camera setup including four 50-megapixel cameras.
7432	The flame will on Sunday cross the sea like its Olympic twin did when it arrived in France from in May — but this time via the Channel Tunnel to mark the start of the Paralympic relay.
7433	The flyweights first fought at UFC Fight Night: “Moicano vs. back in 2019, in which Lee won an unanimous decision.
7434	The foam was sprayed behind exterior framed walls that were sheathed by Carlisle insulation board and wrapped with AeroBarrier air sealing material.
7435	The focus remains on the tangible impacts on individuals and the broader economic implications.
7436	The following day he messaged a friend saying: 'I'm waiting for my dad to drop me some sniff'.
7437	The following month, a baby alligator wandered across the fairway during the Zurich Open in New Orleans.
7438	The following week, the same collectors found a second rabbit in the bin who was very similar to the first rabbit but had injuries to his testicles.
7439	The food at oodles is very delicious and the service is spectacular.
7440	The food is fantastic…This is just another reason… to come to our town,” he said.
7441	The football governing body posted photos of the arrivals of Guinea-Bissau players and officials on their X handle with a caption:” The Djurtus have touched down in Côte d’Ivoire.
7442	The force said they would not be releasing anymore information at this time as they are "being towards the injuries of the people involved".
7443	The Ford government is set to increase the speed limit on hundreds of kilometres of its highway network, including large portions of the 401. Brandon Rowe reports.
7444	The foreign secretary is asked about Israel bombing the Iranian consulate in Syria & he says he understands Israels frustration!
7445	The Forest Ranger and the Trooper broke up the illegal gathering and made sure the group cleaned up all the pallets.
7446	The former couple tied the knot in 2012, but they divorced two years later.
7447	The former first-round pick started every game for the Arizona Cardinals last season before suffering a torn ACL in Week 17. Humphries would need to prove he’s fully recovered from the injury, but he’s already gotten looks from other teams.
7448	The former footballer, 60, didn't appear to be shaken following the incident as he beamed from ear-to-ear in a selfie.
7449	The former TOWIE star put on a loved-up display as he paid tribute to the stunning model.
7450	The former was available with a six-speed manual or eight-speed automatic, while the latter option was only available with a six-speed.
7451	The foundation has so far conducted 20 mega placement drives in Moodbidri and other places in Karnataka as part of its social responsibility initiative, Mr. Alva said.
7452	The four had stuck together throughout the course of just over 13 miles (21 kilometres), a broadcaster noted.
7453	The four-man gang, nicknamed by their captives because of their British accents, shot videos showing a masked executioner dressed in black holding a knife with victims, wearing orange jumpsuits, kneeling.
7454	The four occupants of the vehicle were crushed beyond recognition.
7455	The four-times Australian player of the year has appeared at the Rugby World Cup twice in the 15-a-side version but, after controversially missing out on the finals in France last year, switched to sevens in a bid to earn a spot on the Olympic team.
7456	The Fox News town hall with Mr. Trump was one of a flurry of interviews with the news media that the former president and his Democratic rival have given this week as they aim to shore up support among key constituencies.
7457	The fracture wouldn’t heal in three days but the time off might give the pain time to settled down and Freeman did not play during the three-game series against the Baltimore Orioles.
7458	The freedom of running a business is listed as the top advantage for business owners with 66% benefiting from greater flexibility, 63% enjoying being more creative and innovative and 65% boosting their skills.
7459	The French made their choice.
7460	The French president ruled out the possibility of the pan-left New Popular Front, which had narrowly won the election, forming a government, citing the likelihood that it would be torpedoed by an immediate vote of no confidence.
7461	The French side won 18-14 at the Dragons on opening weekend despite bringing over a second string and backed that up with a 59-15 destruction of the Ospreys at Stade Yves-du-Manoir.
7462	The friends might want to lay off the kale smoothies for a bit because it sounds like they’re going fermented and that’s clouding their judgement.
7463	The Friends star revealed on the Minnie Questions podcast that the blindsided her with the breakup announcement.
7464	The frightening event unfolded in a Toms River neighborhood when a mother was confronted by an armed intruder in her bedroom at 5 AM.
7465	“The front of that train is completely smashed, and there was even some of the parts to the firetruck stuck in the front of the train, but it split the car right in half.
7466	The Frostpunk 2 beta will run from 1 p.m. ET on April 15 through April 22. That will give you seven days with the game, but you'll only be able to access a modified version of the sandbox mode called Utopia Builder Preview.
7467	The fund acquired 1,664 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $202,000.
7468	The fund acquired 53,970 shares of the utilities provider’s stock, valued at approximately $4,562,000.
7469	The funding fight has been at the center of a decades-old lawsuit that accuses the state of not meeting its Constitutional duties by not providing enough money to low-wealth schools systems.
7470	The funding from Measure BB will enable the district to upgrade and modernize school campuses and replace aging portable classrooms with modern, permanent ones.
7471	The furusato nо̄zei system enables taxpayers to make donations to municipalities other than their place of residence, such as those of their hometowns or local governments they wish to support.
7472	The Galaxy S24 and Galaxy S24+ are cheaper.
7473	The gambling committee expects the combination of lottery, casinos and sports wagering to haul in somewhere between $800 million and just over $1 billion annually, not counting licensing fees.
7474	The game also set a record with the highest Internet usage in a single day.
7475	The games are simple to plan for, it is just making sure that everyone is getting what they need in the lead-up to games, that is the challenging part.”
7476	The game started slowly as both teams took a while to get into the match, with the first clear-cut chance going the visitors way in the 20th minute when a dangerous attack led to a shot flashing just wide of the post.
7477	The game today will include three new contestants: Sydney Morgan, Edwin Paminiano, and Dimsey Brown.
7478	The game was developed for the Sega Saturn but was available on PC a year after its release.
7479	The gang pushed the woman to the ground before wrestling the timepiece from her wrist.
7480	The gardens are overlooked by the cafe and by the elegant Georgian gardener’s cottage, which is now a luxury holiday let.
7481	The GB News and former ITV This Morning star spoke out as he attended a safari park this weekend.
7482	The Germans (and Chinese) have done a great job taking a British Sixties icon into the 21st century.
7483	The Giants hung six on his line in the second inning, and he’s allowed at least four earned runs in three of his last four starts.
7484	The Giants will look to Mason Black (0-1) to open the game and make his second start this season.
7485	The girls left Leutner for dead, but she crawled onto a bike path and was found by a passerby.
7486	The glimpse of the scale of the logistical enterprise, the physical manifestation of organisational competence, was thrilling.
7487	The Glór Tíre Grand Final is on TG4 on Tuesday, April 23 at 9.30pm.
7488	The goal is to get inside the Top 70 by the end of the Wyndham Championship to qualify for the first of the three-tournament playoffs, the FedEx St. Jude Championship.
7489	“The goal of this diabolical law,” he wrote on X, “is to break the parent-child relationship and put the state in charge of your children.”
7490	The going was standard for all races and the other winners were Quivers Buzz, 29.34; Rammys Choice, 18.21; Looney Lexi, 29.17; Knockera Sydney, 17.89; Chippy Chase, 29.14.
7491	The Golden BacheloretteSeason 1 finale aired on November 13, 2024, and ended with choosing Chock Chapple as her perfect match.
7492	The Golden Eagles carried a 9-1 lead into the final frame.
7493	The Goldman Sachs Group reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $61.00 price target on shares of Dominion Energy in a report on Friday, November 8th.
7494	The Gophers scored the first four goals, including two in the first five minutes.
7495	The Gospel tells the story of a rich man who knelt before Jesus and asked him, “Good teacher, what must I do to inherit eternal life?”
7496	The governing Labour Party is currently embroiled in a row with Trump’s campaign, which filed a compliant with the Federal Election Commission this week accusing Labour of foreign election interference.
7497	The government announced more arrests over their alleged involvement in what President Luis Arce called a coup attempt.
7498	The government has also said it plans to deliver “unique offsetting intervention” to save water now by improving efficiency.
7499	“The government needs to invest in solar, wind, and other alternative sources that can reduce our dependence on the national grid.”
7500	The government said it “values” the various perspectives on the issue of “violence against children”, and it remains committed to collaborating with families and the church on the matter.
7501	The Government said the plan sat alongside the National Disability Strategy, which it described as outlining a longer-term vision for transforming disabled people’s lives.
7502	'The government wouldn't even give me the passes I need to cover the election, and the ministry left it all so late that we were already packed up and ready to go.'
7503	The Governor said, he and his team would not be intimidated but would remain focused on providing quality services for the people of the state.
7504	The governor said that fire crews from California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas and Washington, were helping with the response.
7505	The governor said the structure no longer existed in the latest club structures as it was not in line with the Confederation of African Football (CAF) licensing requirement.
7506	The gown was sequined throughout.
7507	The grammar, too, was well below par for someone claiming to be a head teacher at Cecil Hills High.
7508	The Grand Hyatt will have about 400 upscale accommodations, in guestrooms, suites, and residences, including 100 discounted rooms reserved nightly for U.S. military service members.
7509	The grapes are harvested from sites all over the cool-climate island, bringing morello cherry and wild raspberry notes into this Hermés silk scarf of a wine.
7510	“The gravitational pull was always towards the dark things she was going through.”
7511	The group expressed their concerns in a letter submitted to the European Commission stating that the entitlement given to Apple for music streaming services is biased towards other firms as it forces them to follow the specifications laid down by Apple.
7512	The group has an annuity portfolio of over 44 million square feet, with an annual rental income of around ₹5,000 crore.
7513	The group is also pursuing to expand Alabama’s ban on instruction of LGBTQ+ content in schools through 12th grade.
7514	The group is headed by founder Ahmed al-Sharaa, also known as Abu Mohammed al-Jolani, and has largely governed Idlib province in northwest Syria for several years.
7515	The hail was described as being as big as baseballs, softballs, golf balls, and apples.
7516	The handset is likely to come with a 6.67-inch full-HD+ pOLED panel with a 120Hz refresh rate.
7517	The happy couple were joined by about 20 wedding guests.
7518	The Harford County Department of Emergency Services said Thursday that they are not aware of any tornado sightings in the county during the storm.
7519	The Haus of Liqueur is one of the two main drag groups in Boone.
7520	The head coach knows he needs more clout across the front row.
7521	The heartbreaking case gripped the US and Etan became one of the first missing children to appear on the back of milk cartons.
7522	The heights of the program are the plenary sessions by the man of God, Pastor Chris.
7523	The Hermes fortune derives from its namesake firm Hermes International SCA, known for selling pricey Birkin handbags.
7524	The Hidalgo County Sheriff’s Office led the investigation, uncovering disturbing details about Ortiz’s actions.
7525	The high court also requested a response from the state by Monday.
7526	The high court bench, comprising Justice Michael Zothankhuma and Justice Marly Vankung, observed that the state police had expressed their inability to thoroughly investigate the matter due to its international scope.
7527	The High Court in the state has formally summoned Ganduje, his wife and six others over allegations of financial impropriety while he steered the state as governor for eight years.
7528	The highest civilian honour for Advani is likely to contribute to the BJP’s narrative on the temple in the run-up to the elections.
7529	The Highland Dancing event, run by local dance school owner, Fiona Henderson, boasts receiving a record number of 114 entries this year, allowing competitors to perform up to seven dances.
7530	The highly anticipated finale of Gavin and Stacey will air on BBC One on Christmas Day.
7531	The High Plains Honor Flight Escort of Heroes will give the veterans heading to Washington, D.C., a send-off at 8 a.m. Sunday, April 28, at the Ranch McKee 4-H Building, 5280 Arena Circle.
7532	The high street is also home to a number of pubs and restaurants.
7533	“The history in Barry is about ordinary people getting on with life, coming into Barry and creating a community around the docks.
7534	The holidays have arrived!
7535	“The Holocaust is not a lesson about the dangers of bullying, nor even a tale of the dangers of hatred,” he writes.
7536	“The home crowd, they fired us up too.”
7537	The homeless people – who did not have even access to a shower – were ordered out of their tents.
7538	The home on Standard Drive in Brookhaven Heights was destroyed by fire.
7539	The home team’s score of 221-5 was the highest score ever at the venue, surpassing their 218-5 against Pakistan in the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup earlier this year.
7540	The HOPE-GOV Program aims to rectify fundamental governance deficiencies within the systems and procedures of government in two pivotal human development sectors.
7541	The "horniest" city in America is Los Angeles, followed by New York, Dallas, Chicago, and Atlanta.
7542	The Hoskins family have written to Justice Secretary Alex Chalk and Home Secretary James Cleverly with their concerns about Farrant, who is now in his mid 70s.
7543	The hosting venue for those November evenings was Qahwat al-Ma‘aref.
7544	The hotel was first used as asylum contingency housing, managed by private firm Serco, for around 70 single male asylum seekers in Spring 2022.
7545	The house explosion in Sterling led to the death of volunteer firefighter Trevor Brown, significant injuries to 11 first responders and $2.5 million in damages, Loudoun County officials said.
7546	The Houthis vowed that their forces would respond to the attack, calling US and UK assets “legitimate targets”.
7547	“The HQ will be huge for us and Visit Scotland and Glasgow Life have all been fundamental in helping us with the latter partnering up with us to help promote us.
7548	The hunt for a white dude to fill the slot of Veep is looking like The Bachelor back when all the contestants were white, a legacy that would come back to haunt them later.
7549	The Huskies shined at home and knocked off Roosevelt in last week’s Big VIII League opener.
7550	The ideas and the plots for my books just come to me while I'm walking.
7551	The idea was put forward in the developer's scoping report, which is the first phase of the planning process that sets out what they will do to minimise the impact on the environment.
7552	The IDF reportedly eliminated a large number of Hezbollah leaders in the attack, a response to Hezbollah’s incessant terrorist attacks this year in support of fellow Iran-backed terrorist outfit Hamas.
7553	The IDF suspects that the terrorist didn't act alone and is working to locate accomplices who provided him with the vehicle and weapon.
7554	The IFCN last month released a statement noting their concerns about the proposed legislation in Georgia.
7555	The IFS provides a verdict on the chancellor's Budget every year, analysing what his policy strategy is likely to mean for the economy and people's incomes.
7556	"The Illawarra has an incredible number of organisations and clubs who are involved in this space, from Rotary to local women's centres, so people should know that there are lots of ways they can take action," she said.
7557	The impact, said State Sen. Adriane Johnson, will be widespread.
7558	The impeachment motion against Cho accuses him of committing rebellion and violating other laws by deploying police forces to the parliament after martial law was announced.
7559	The inaugural award named after the late, beloved Reddick is going to his coworker and friend.
7560	The incident at Ruchan village on January 25, under Bhandari sub-division, claimed four lives and injured four others.
7561	"The incident happened on the Crossley Retail Park, Carpet Trades Way on Monday 1 July, at around 10am.
7562	The incident promptly led to conflicting reports on Friday that Beverley may be banned from appearing on ESPN programming, or at the very least won’t be appearing on the network for quite some time.
7563	The increase in the state pension age has been very high in the Netherlands.
7564	The incredibly-well reviewed recently earned 13 BAFTA nominations – including one for Murphy and one for Blunt – following it dominating the list of 2024 Golden Globe winners.
7565	The Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Thursday distributed sensitive materials to the 18 Local Government Areas of Ondo State ahead of the November 16 governorship election in the state.
7566	The Indian duo, seeded third, finished off the match in only 40 minutes, underscoring their dominance and securing in the process the top spot in Group C with an unblemished record of two wins in the same number of matches.
7567	The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) has confirmed the healthy functioning of its two payloads onboard X-ray Polarimetry Satellite (XPoSat).
7568	The Indicated mineral resource is estimated at 1,080 million tonnes grading 0.48 grams per tonne gold and 0.09% copper.
7569	The industrial products company reported $1.71 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.62 by $0.09.
7570	The industrial products company reported $2.46 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.40 by $0.06.
7571	The informal meeting will begin with Russian hostilities against Ukraine.
7572	The ingredients of Patsy’s Marinara.
7573	The injured people are undergoing treatment, she added.
7574	The inquest’s first sitting in April heard senior officer Kyle Mead-Hunter was found partially clothed in a darkened office by a lower-ranking officer after Cleveland was found in distress.
7575	The insider said: 'They go skinny-dipping in the ocean.
7576	The institutional investor acquired 363 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock, valued at approximately $84,000.
7577	The institutional investor owned 12,081 shares of the company’s stock after purchasing an additional 3,713 shares during the quarter.
7578	The institutional investor owned 174,823 shares of the exchange traded fund’s stock after acquiring an additional 2,257 shares during the period.
7579	The institutional investor owned 19,353 shares of the auto manufacturer’s stock after selling 3,425 shares during the quarter.
7580	The institutional investor owned 76,009 shares of the technology company’s stock after acquiring an additional 72,827 shares during the period.
7581	The insurer has more than 47 million members.
7582	The interruption is a direct intent to take a break.
7583	The interview on Tg1 in which he revealed that he had “an emotional relationship” with Maria Rosaria Boccia was given to the director of the same news program, Gianmarco Chiocci.
7584	The interview will air on “CBS News Sunday Morning” on Sunday, Aug. 11.
7585	The investment bank explained that its positive outlook for the is hinged on favourable real rates, and evidence of a shift to a more orthodox policy set-up.
7586	Their battle could make it harder to find a homebusinessinsider.
7587	Their children roam along the darkened corridors, past the wounded being wheeled on trollies, an old woman sitting on her own staring into the distance.
7588	Their commitment to helping their patients achieve their goal of returning to normal living after an injury has seen DMOS Orthopaedic Centers receive the most votes in the Best Of Des Moines poll for Best Local Orthopedic Clinic for another year running.
7589	Their distraught families rallied Thursday in Tel Aviv to mark the bitter milestone of 300 days of their captivity.
7590	Their findings caused alarm: levels of lead and sodium that could be harmful to children.
7591	Their lives became so dire they vowed to move to the US for a fresh start.
7592	Their most popular work remains “Don’t Let the Riverbeast Get You!”
7593	The Iron Dome is designed to intercept and destroy short-range rockets and artillery shells fired from distances of two to 43 miles away and whose trajectory would take them to an Israeli populated area.
7594	Their products are used in supercomputers all over the world.
7595	The IRS says that $92.9 billion in refunds have been issued from the start of the tax season through Feb. 23. Last year, by the same time, over $108 billion had been refunded.
7596	Their two victories are against Cheyenne Central and Rock Springs.
7597	Their weakened voices likely went unheard by neighbours, further delaying any external intervention.
7598	The iShares U.S. Infrastructure ETF (IFRA) is an exchange-traded fund that is based on the NYSE FactSet U.S. Infrastructure index.
7599	The Israeli attack unleashed a massive fire in the city’s port.
7600	The Israeli government subsidizes nearly 13% of Intel's plant costs, which is excellent for Intel.
7601	The Israeli military has rescued four hostages from Hamas in Gaza.
7602	"The issue isn't with me," she emphasized.
7603	" The issue is that the number has not been formatted correctly on our systems, which is why the automated call isn't going out to you.
7604	The issue was also raised in the Assembly during Zero Hour.
7605	“The issue with the excise is that it goes up by CPI twice a year.
7606	The Istanbul Pride Committee said that there were “unconfirmed” reports of at least 15 protesters being detained.
7607	The is the important part."
7608	The Italian had the support of many of the player, with a few describing him as the best manager they had worked under.
7609	The Italian star is the first Classical artist to headline the festival, so tickets are expected to sell out extremely quickly.
7610	The Ivy 2 doesn't use ink, so there are no expensive or messy refills to worry about.
7611	The jackpot for Tuesday’s draw stands at $100,000.
7612	The James Madison Dukes versus the Villanova Wildcats is one of seven games on Sunday’s college basketball schedule…
7613	The Japanese star was beaten 6-4 7-6 (2) under the lights on Rod Laver Arena.
7614	The Jets move to 2-1 in the season as Rodgers gets his first full home win with New York.
7615	The Jimny five-door, like its little brother, is covered by Suzuki’s five-year unlimited kilometre warranty.
7616	The joint burial of a person and a dog, from Seminario Vescovile in Italy.
7617	The journey continues, so let’s explore together and chart a course for the future of work.
7618	The JSP, which has an alliance with the TDP, is looking to reap the Kapu vote in Machilipatnam, and Balashowry may help secure that for the party.
7619	The Juan de Fuca plate is still subjecting (sliding underneath) North America just off the Pacific Coast.
7620	The judge has given the prosecution time to defile.
7621	The jury will return to the Central Criminal Court sitting at Cork Courthouse, Anglesea Street on Thursday to consider their verdict in relation to the last defendant on the indictment, who is also charged with murdering Thomas Dooley.
7622	The Justice Department did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital’s request for comment.
7623	The Justice Department spent 11 months putting together a 600-page study showing how the tragedy at Robb Elementary School could better have been handled.
7624	The Kansas City Chiefs didn’t flinch, though, and led 16-0 by halftime.
7625	The Kern County Sheriff's Office said Martin Sanchez is 6 feet tall and weighs 160 pounds.
7626	The key management challenge is to define the transformation strategy towards tech-driven business models that will be resilient and deliver sustainable business growth.
7627	The keys to Fallout should’ve been handed over to Obsidian as soon as New Vegas came out and it’s clearly just sour grapes from Bethesda that’s stopped that from happening.
7628	The kind of scallop matters, too, specifically “wet” vs. “dry.”
7629	The King is understood to hope he may be able to express more direct support for communities impacted by riots, likely to be in the form of a visit.
7630	The Kings Romans Casino, operated by Zhao Wei’s alleged criminal network, is said to be at the heart of extensive illicit operations in the GTSEZ.
7631	The Kirk, of course, didn’t quite see it that way.”
7632	The Kremlin is marketing Russia as an ally of Global South in resisting resurgent neo-colonialism and championing “multi-polarity”.
7633	The KU(M) statement underlined the historical significance of the Eastern Naga region and its role in the Naga National Movement.
7634	The labeling process attempts to control for that, and that there’s a two-step way for manufacturers to obtain the label.
7635	The Labour government’s foreign secretary, David Lammy, previously called Trump a “neo-Nazi sympathizing sociopath” and “a racist KKK and Nazi sympathizer,” and had vowed to oppose a visit from Trump during his first term in office.
7636	The Labour-run council was forced to make redundancies last year as it faces a race to save millions of pounds.
7637	The Lady Devils earned a win over Glenwood in their regular season finale.
7638	The Lady Rockets went on to outscore Wheelersburg 14-5 in the fourth quarter to secure a 12-point win.
7639	The landmark decisions of that era expanded freedoms and protections, offering a glimmer of justice in times of widespread racial turmoil.
7640	The language is a combination of words and grammatical rules from numerous languages around the world, from English to Spanish, French, Italian, and beyond.
7641	The Lanzarote property targeted on that occasion was the home where Hutch had been living in the years before the outbreak of the Hutch-Kinahan feud.
7642	The large Ettlingen Way roundabout will gain bus lanes on all sides.
7643	The largest atrocity since the Holocaust itself.
7644	The largest FLiRT subvariant, KP.2, is growing particularly fast as a proportion of existing coronavirus infections.
7645	“The largest population of veterans in Nevada are those who served in Vietnam.
7646	The largest price difference in diesel was noted in Limassol, where prices ranged from €1.51 to €1.63 per litre.
7647	The largest riser on the blue-chip index was househiolder Barratt, up 3.4pc, followed by commodities company Glencore, up 2.8pc.
7648	The large Victorian house was later used by Breadalbane Academy as a hostel for female pupils.
7649	The last biennial SAARC summit was held in Kathmandu in 2014.
7650	“The last couple of months, my Ayurveda healing work has got busier, and more people want my healing services.
7651	The last time it was here it peed everywhere.
7652	The last time we were doing it, we’re on the bus and I’m seeing all of these people and all of these supporters of our community, all of these allies.
7653	The last two defendants, Deamonte Kendrick aka have been found not guilty of murder in the gang trial.
7654	The latest move furthers the Municipality's objective of developing and implementing globally recognized standards for laboratory and calibration certificates, as well as safeguarding public health and wellness.
7655	The latest NHS Digital figures show £14.5 million is needed to restore buildings at Nottinghamshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust to certain standards as of March.
7656	The latest report by Afrinvest stated that food inflation drove much of the increase, rising by 77 basis points to 39.9 per cent year-on-year, the highest in five months.
7657	“The law is the law, and when there is a conflict, yes, we should go to the court.
7658	The lawsuits now cover a range of behaviors, and this has spiraled out of control nationally.”
7659	The lawsuit was filed against X, which means it was filed against unknown persons under French law.
7660	The leaks also claim that this will be a two-week promo, so players will need to strap in for a long one.
7661	The Leeds International Piano Competition is already well underway, with the finals taking place over the next two days at St George's Hall in Bradford.
7662	The legendary psychedelic band Soft Machine will be performing at the Treetops Pavilion.
7663	The Legion Family got together to provide toys and paid the family’s electric and heating bills.
7664	The letter, which referenced the city's housing crunch, made clear that while he respected her right to buy the properties through the private market, the residents of Park Point had questions about the intent of the purchases.
7665	The Lewiston High School state champion soccer team, powered by immigrant students, overcame racial tensions and now uses the mantra “pamoja ndugu” – Swahili for “together, brothers.”
7666	The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it.
7667	The lights went out on the iconic cubein 2017 because the then sound-activated artwork was, apparently, not reacting too well to the "cacophony of car horns late at night".
7668	The Lionesses called on the government to ensure equal access to sport in schools, pointing out that, at that time, only 63% of girls could play football in PE.
7669	The list includes breeds(including mixed and cross breeds) like Pitbull Terrier, Tosa Inu, Wolf dogs etc. The letter also recommends that dogs which have already been kept as a pet shall be sterilized so that further breeding is prevented.
7670	The Lithuanian soprano possesses a voice of black steel that can withstand the intense lyricism of her singing.
7671	The livestock donation, came days after angry students clashed with Public Order Police for three days last week during violent protests outside the college’s Cicirha campus gates over the funding cuts.
7672	The Liz Bibb Real Estate & Education Center is now open in Temecula.
7673	The local authority responded: “While it is appreciated parking is at a premium within the town centre, the proposed restrictions are to ensure the safety of vehicle movement throughout the town.”
7674	The Local Electric Vehicle Infrastructure (LEVI) scheme aims to help deliver a “step-change” in the deployment of more public charging facilities.
7675	The location information is below for the events happening from 4 p.m. 9 p.m. in the Bay Area.
7676	The logistics of the production may have been uncomfortable, difficult, and even life-threatening at times, but the film's harrowing real-life basis demanded a certain amount of gritty realism and total dedication from everyone involved.
7677	The London-based founder of a fast-growing AI company has been named one of the "most ambitious" bosses in the UK.
7678	The London-listed group revealed that revenues jumped by 27.2pc to £1.8bn for the year to June 30 compared with the previous year.
7679	The long days, plus the hours of standing in the press pool and sitting on hard benches, had me exhausted by the time the judge declared a mistrial.
7680	The longer the black band, the longer, colder and more severe the winter will be.
7681	The Lords’ Environment and Committee made the call in a new report released today.
7682	The loss means Harry Kane’s long wait for a trophy continues, with the 30-year-old striker still yet to lift silverware in his club career.
7683	The loss of Porter was exacerbated by the fact that the Steelers played in Baltimore without their other starting outside cornerback, Donte Jackson.
7684	The low pressure disturbance sitting over us this week will reduce wind shear over the tropical wave coming into the Gulf.
7685	The lurid yellow vessel on deck, for example, belongs to the happy Triton client Carl Allen, an American entrepreneur who made his money in rubbish bags.
7686	The Madisons said they will announce whether they retain the Furber Farm name after the deal closes.
7687	The Magpies are determined to sign the England international this month, despite Palace seeking a fee of over £60m for their star man.
7688	The Magpies have also recently announced a new host of scholars that have joined the club.
7689	The Magpies survived a desperate lunge from the Hawks to prevail once again in a thriller but they are yet to convince anyone they are premiership contenders.
7690	The main entrance for would be through the Brandon Unit, via a ‘corridor link’, with a second entrance via the car park.
7691	The main objective of the phase one scoping level mineral processing test investigation was to provide a preliminary indication of the lithium beneficiation of the Li head by heavy liquid separation (HLS).
7692	The main opposition Democratic Party called Mr Yoon’s martial law imposition “unconstitutional, illegal rebellion or a coup.”
7693	The maintainers were able to patch it and roll it out in a matter of days.
7694	The majority leader then told all of those who have been “fooled” to report such sketchy initiatives.
7695	The majority of Bachmann’s and Kman’s deployments have been in response to hurricanes because Ohio Task Force 1 is in closer proximity to these disasters as opposed to FEMA teams based in the California, Nevada and Colorado area, Kman said.
7696	The majority of information sources people reported were Local news sources (37.8%), Entertainment (31.1%), National news sources (26.7%) and Weather information sources (4.4 %).
7697	The manager calls the transition to a clean energy economy “unstoppable”.
7698	The manifesto was signed by seven mayors of Leyte’s seven towns in the 1st district, which is represented in Congress by Romualdez.
7699	THE Manila Electric Company (Meralco) is expecting electricity rates this month to go down mainly because of lower generation rates.
7700	The man previously admitted to a rolled up count of committing an act of indecency on a child and is not named to protect the identity of his victim, whom he met when she was nine.
7701	The man was alert while being treated on shore and then taken to Maui Memorial Medical Center in critical condition.
7702	The man wept after seeing a small, uncompleted building.
7703	“The man who killed my son sits in this courtroom every day next to his father,” emphasizing that was not possible for her.
7704	The Margaret Mills Cubbage Child Development Center on the Cleveland Street campus of Greenville Technical College is currently undergoing massive renovations that will give the facility new flooring, fixtures and finishes.
7705	The Martian atmosphere is quite thin, with a volume about one percent of Earth's.
7706	The matchmaking system in has been a hot topic of debate for years, often sparking theories and tests to uncover how it works.
7707	The matchups on Netflix kicked off the first of three annual events on Netflix.
7708	The Mbombela Sexual Offences Court has convicted and sentenced Titus Cain Khoza, 35, to life imprisonment for raping and impregnating his 14-year-old physically impaired sister-in-law.
7709	The measure, backed by the union representing hotel workers — the Hotel Trades Council — would bar hotels from outsourcing cleaning jobs and front desk work to private forms.
7710	The Media Bureau plans to announce the specific compliance dates through a future Public Notice once they are determined.
7711	The meetings, which excluded continuity candidate Findlay, have been taking place for more than a month and involved up to 10 parliamentarians, The Sunday Times reported.
7712	The Melbourne fireworks show will actually be larger than Sydney, with 14 tonnes of colourful explosive rigged across the CBD, versus 9t in Sydney.
7713	“The members are committed to accurately reflecting what the current science says,” he said.
7714	The members of All India Democratic Women’s Association (AIDWA) Nellore city committee staged a rally on Wednesday against Andhra Pradesh government’s newly introduced liquor policy.
7715	The members went to Sacred Heart Prep, Menlo School and Woodside High School.”
7716	The Menendez brothers, high-profile inmates convicted in the murder of their parents, became X-Raided’s mentors, who helped X-Raided navigate the labyrinth of politics, spirituality, and personal growth during his decades-long incarceration.
7717	The menu is the same: avocado toast, egg sammies, breakfast dishes, mixed greens salads, a wide selection of coffees, teas and entree options ranging from panini and hummus to shrimp scramble and bruschettas.
7718	The message applies to most tipping points, said Kooloth, whether they involve tropical coral reefs or frigid sea ice.
7719	The Met Office forecast looks to show a clear night to close out this year’s festival, with the temperature at a high of 15°C and a humidity level of 76%.
7720	The Met Office's Long Range forecast, which ranges from June 11 to June 20, says Brits should expect turbulent weather again.
7721	The Met Office video weather forecast reveals when warmer weather is likely to reach the UK - watch the full forecast below.
7722	The Michelin-trained chef is attending with Marks and Spencer, the event's title sponsor.
7723	The miles-long procession included a convoy of police cars and motorbikes, and officers from different departments saluting as he passed.
7724	The military parade will take place in Moscow’s Red Square on 09 May.
7725	The mini-brains’ simplicity was also one of the most complex challenges in proving Wenzel’s theory that you can grow functioning brain tissue from stem cells.
7726	The minimum age limit is set at 50, though if someone over 18 was seriously ill, "we would not want to deny a suffering person based on their age", said Stewart.
7727	The minister declared that moving many of the correctional facilities to more suitable locations was essential.
7728	The Minister of Steel Development, Prince Shuaibu Abubakar Audu, also confirmed the development in a statement by his Special Assistant on Media, Lizzy Okoji, on Friday in Abuja.
7729	The Minority in Parliament has rejected a proposal for a presidential debate between Dr. Mahamudu Bawumia and John Mahama, with Dr. Cassiel Ato Forson dismissing Bawumia as a "driver's mate" unqualified to debate an experienced driver like Mahama.
7730	The model is based on the idea that inflation in each sector of the economy is influenced by a common set of underlying factors or "factors" such as changes in interest rates, exchange rates, and commodity prices.
7731	The modelling sisters are clearly on the road to success with their thousands of followers growing by the day, but there's just one problem - they don't exist.
7732	The modern, huge building has a warm atmosphere and is beautifully decorated.
7733	The modernization of the country’s existing F-15J fleet will help bolster Tokyo’s response to future acts of aggression.
7734	"The mom in me couldn't sleep that night."
7735	"The money is there.
7736	'The Monster' then told a global audience of his intention to fight Goodman before the year's out.
7737	The monstrously large Thwaites, about 120 km across and two km high, is the widest glacier on Earth.
7738	"The month of Sawan holds special significance in Indian culture, and this initiative reflects our commitment to supporting and celebrating Ladli behnas," said Dr Yadav.
7739	The more I thought about more complex questions the more my intuition led me back to a simple but also urgent question – "What is your New Year's wish?"
7740	“The more one immerses oneself in these texts and images, the more it feels like they were created not so long ago.”
7741	The morning meal offering, known as Sakala Dhupa or Raj Bhoga, takes place between 9am and 10am.
7742	The most important thing is that the right compensation should be given.
7743	The most important tool used by Simpson is a large spraying bottle filled with a chemical called D/2 Biological Solution.
7744	The most recent data shows that the EU’s annual food inflation rate is 6.8%, compared to Malta’s 8.2%.
7745	The most recent was a snapped tree spotted by residents and councillors over the weekend.
7746	The most well-known and researched of the three BCAAs is dosed at 3.5 mg in this supplement.
7747	The motherboard tray also has cable channels to hide the PSU cables.
7748	The mother-of-four from Bethel near Caernarfon, Gwynedd, says seeing a dentist privately "simply isn’t an option because of the high costs".
7749	The Mother plays at the Harrogate Theatre from 14 – 17 February in the exclusive Studio Theatre.
7750	The Mountmellick club is hoping to advance further into the breeding and rearing of the grey partridge in years to come.
7751	The moveable spot in the club illuminated this dynamic entertainer thrilling each table in a room filled with her Palm Beach fans.
7752	The movie is being filmed exclusively with Volume Global’s LED Volume studio, which is “the largest of its kind in Canada and the second largest in the world.”
7753	The MP, who has been appointed Shadow Minister for Business and Trade, has also been busy advocating for pubs and the hospitality sector ahead of the Chancellor’s budget next week.
7754	The Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) notably contributed 47% of new home sales, indicating a significant market shift.
7755	The Mumbai Police are now coordinating with social media platforms to trace its origins.
7756	The municipal complex — which will be completed in tandem with the park — will house fire department headquarters, the Hempfield Emergency Management Agency and ambulance bays in partnership with Mutual Aid.
7757	The museum, expected to be completed before Belgrade hosts the World Expo in 2027, aims to honor Djokovic’s achievements and boost tourism.
7758	“The Museum holding their artworks for such an extended period beyond March 6 is too long for any artist.
7759	The museum should be allowed to remove the building at 142 Free St. in order to continue this leadership.
7760	The Mustangs have built on their recent history of success by outscoring Section 1-4A opponents 23-3 and sat atop the standings with a 5-0 record entering a matchup with Central Catholic on Thursday night.
7761	Then a day of reckoning comes for this proprietorial approach to democracy.
7762	Then along came Alice – AI.
7763	Then-archdiocesan vocation director Father Scott Wallisch, too, gave critical guidance.
7764	The Nashville Predators, including Gustav Nyquist, meet the Detroit Red Wings on Saturday, October 12, 2024 at 7:00…
7765	Then, as Mr. Trump again called for cognitive tests for presidential candidates — a push he began making to criticize President Biden — the former president, who is 78, interjected, “And I’m not 80, I’m not that close to 80.”
7766	The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control has unveiled the “Catch Them Young” programme aimed at tackling the growing menace of drug abuse among Nigeria’s youth, particularly in secondary schools.
7767	The national championship game is scheduled to be played on Monday, April 8, at 9.20 p.m.
7768	The National Grid said they offered for the family to stay in a hotel, however Martina said she was unable to leave her property as she needed to care for her animals and her son, who is autistic, refused to leave the house.
7769	The national legislature and sections of Taipei's main airport suffered minor damage.
7770	The National Weather Service reported an 88 mph gust in nearby Spring Mountain.
7771	The nation’s grid operators are now adamant we face an alarming mismatch between the power we need and what we’re going to have available.
7772	The NBA rulebook says “Any player who throws a punch, whether it connects or not, has committed an unsportsmanlike act. He will be ejected following confirmation during review by instant replay and suspended for a minimum of one game.”
7773	The NBC host said that Trump appeared to either think it was crazy that he won and unenthused and exhausted with what had happened.
7774	Then below us, we've barely lost a single game.
7775	“The NCDMB is proud to be a part of this success and looks forward to continued collaboration with the company in the future,” he stated.
7776	Then chief justice Mogoeng Mogoeng also called it a swimming pool in a Constitutional Court judgment.
7777	Then Chubb got traded and Denver signed Frank Clark last summer.
7778	The nearest town, Braintree, is seven kilometres away and can only be accessed by a fast road with no pavement or footpath.
7779	The needs of travelers have changed dramatically, as has the technical capacity of D.C. area airports that serve them.
7780	The negative response to Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania caught the studio off guard, leading to Jeff Loveness reportedly being fired as the next movie's writer.
7781	The neighborhood in which the home is located is important to the home’s future value as well as to your enjoyment of the home.
7782	Then Eli pulls him aside to tell him to stop being a jerk to his dad.
7783	Then, Evers estimated that the specific changes he wanted would cost $30 million and help 100,000 taxpayers.
7784	The Newcastle thrower – known as Relentless – takes on darts' 17-year-old wonderkid on Monday for the first time.
7785	The new Chief Inspector of Education has promised that ‘tangible’ action will be taken following concerns surrounding Ofsted since the ‘tragic death of Ruth Perry’.
7786	The new directive specified that commercial flights passing over Nigerien airspace without landing will not be affected by these restrictions.
7787	The new facilities will allow us to strengthen our connections with local communities as well as offering visitors from further afield an insight into our life.’
7788	The new film is directed by Adam Wingard from a script by Terry Rossio, Simon Barrett, and Jeremy Slater.
7789	The Newfoundland's huge size is responsible for its most common health problem - a condition called Subvalvular Aortic Stenosis which decreases the blood flow to the heart causing cardiac arrest.
7790	The New Jersey Senator and his wife are accused of receiving cash, gold bars and luxury cars as part of a bribery plot to help the Egyptian government and help businessmen facing their own criminal investigations.
7791	The new law was a good reminder “to force people to think whether that message or that communication has to go out after hours,” she said.
7792	The new legal case against McMahon, recorded in a 67-page civil lawsuit complaint filed Thursday, goes far beyond the mere outline of the 2022 disclosures.
7793	The new platform showcases NEAS's commitment to providing 'timely, accessible and high-quality information' about its services and career opportunities.
7794	The new project is strictly under-wraps but so far, we do know that has been confirmed to star in a leading role and now, it is reported by that Spider-Man actor could also be joining the cast.
7795	"The new scheme is designed not only to prevent and deter criminal activities, but also to disrupt the root causes of anti-social behaviour within the town centre.
7796	“The new service will help to drive modal shift from road to rail by offering customers a more sustainable travel alternative between the two cities.
7797	The new site will be the eighth charity shop run by animal shelter Cotswolds Dogs & Cats Home - which is based in Cambridge off the A38.
7798	The new soil lab, located in Agricultural Sciences (Bldg 11) Rm.
7799	The new Spanish thriller series with Miguel Herrán (La Casa de Papel, Elite) inspired by true events.
7800	The news release states that in 2023 alone, the CHaRM Atlanta location diverted more than 5.7 million pounds of waste and materials.
7801	The new store is not Penny on the Move's first service station in Cumbria, however, the new site includes amenities such as Food on the Move, Costa Express, a laundrette, Just Eat delivery service, and a full convenience store.
7802	The new venture was incorporated through Goodspeed Business Solutions, a Spanish company founded by Schumacher in 2021.
7803	The new video was designed and animated by Tolga Tarhan.
7804	The New York State Court of Appeals will ultimately decide if Gall will be removed from the bench.
7805	The next Grand Slam events will take place in Tbilisi and Antalya in late March.
7806	The next symptom was also connected to the mouth.
7807	The next thing to watch: corporate profits.
7808	The nFRCS comprises an MHM structure of silver-chitosan-silver with a thin upper layer and thick bottom layer.
7809	Then he declined to answer questions from a reporter postgame because she did not subscribe to his podcast.
7810	The NHS advises seeing your doctor if you have had heartburn most days for three weeks or more.
7811	Then I became the ‘African Bad Girl.’
7812	Then, if ever, come perfect days.”
7813	The Nigerian international has made 25 appearances and bagged two assists this ongoing season for Brentford.
7814	The No. 4 seeded Lady Wildcats welcomed Southside High School into Newton Grove, who was the No. 13 seed entering the contest.
7815	The nominations for the 2025 Golden Globe Awards have been announced, with a host of exciting films and television shows vying for recognition.
7816	The northern province of Zaire shares a 310-kilometre border with the DRC, 190 kilometres of which are by road and another 150 kilometres by river.
7817	The now 51-year-old remembers Hastings not being overly impressed.
7818	Then, rising interest rates put further pressure on the sector as investors left the reinsurance market in search of alternative investments, Flood said.
7819	Then, select “Create a List,” tap “Settings,” go to “Notifications” and turn on the “Deals” option.
7820	Then she’d admitted to unfinished business with Toby Aromolaran, 24.
7821	The NSW government has become engulfed in a wages battle on multiple fronts as nurses prepare to embark on a statewide 24-hour strike furious at an offer well below a $700 million deal struck with police.
7822	Then the highlight of the weekend, Sunday lunch at Quite Simply French, courtesy of my sister who gave me a couple of Sunday lunch vouchers for my birthday last month.
7823	Then there's the matter of justifying this smaller roster.
7824	Then they spotted scores of chips in the finish of the wooden desks and credenzas.
7825	The number of killings in 2024 has already surpassed 4,500.
7826	The number of non-residents from countries other than the U.S. arriving by land or water increased by 28.4 per cent, while those who came by air declined by 3.9 per cent.
7827	The number of people reaching out to slap or hit the horses was disgraceful.
7828	Then water submerged the pits where they were mining gold – leading to the death of 4 people and about 8 others sustained injuries,” he narrated.
7829	Then you have got Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota looking sharp, and Liverpool's midfield were excellent as well."
7830	“Then you’re chasing the game for the second half of it – we didn’t play to our standard.
7831	The OCFS has always struggled to meet its obligations with the resources available to it.
7832	The officer spotted a person on the roof, and that person pointed a rifle at the officer, Knights said.
7833	The OG fast food chain, ), reported slow sales growth for its fourth straight quarter as the company faces pressure to cut prices.
7834	The oil has been used for thousands of years as a natural remedy for various ailments.
7835	The oil is a natural insect repellent, helping to ward off mosquitoes, ticks, and other pests.
7836	The old Aiken County Hospital is at 828 Richland Ave. W. in Aiken.
7837	The olive tree was widespread in and in the 2nd millennium BC the production and trade of oil became one of the sources of the wealth of the Minoan civilization.
7838	The only logical explanation I could think of was that he was male.
7839	The only slight positive for the Dragons was that they avoided being nilled for the eighth time in their history courtesy of flanker Taine Basham’s powerful finish, a try that was followed by an interception score by Matthew Devine for the hosts’ fifth.
7840	The only thing we could do is go with whatever the professionals think."
7841	The only thing we really know for sure is that of the Season 26 coaches, Michael Bublé is the only one guaranteed to be coming back.
7842	The ONS is now making greater use of this type of information when calculating revisions to its initial estimates of migration.
7843	The operation comes as the Irish Independent reports that migrants arriving in Dublin are to be moved to a number of new camps across the country as part of an effort to reduce pressure on the city.
7844	The Opposition Congress, which fielded candidates in 19 seats, drew blank so far.
7845	"The organisations in question, the NHS, tend to get faced by multiple recommendations which all come from different people, and … of course, it’s a grossly inefficient way to run anything."
7846	The original letter may have targeted the members of the City Council who supported all of the defunding efforts, but one of the biggest factors leading to the murder was New York's supposed "bail reform" law.
7847	The Original which is vanilla w/ sprinkles, cotton candy, and a slice of birthday cake.
7848	The other 24 entities which have been barred include Amit Bapna, Ravindra Sudhalkar and Pinkesh R. Shah -- former key officials of RHFL.
7849	The others looked at us oddly.'
7850	The other stadiums and grounds there don't have the same significance, and as such, can be demoed and replaced.
7851	The other two officers prosecuted in McClain's death, Jason Rosenblatt and Nathan Woodyard, were both acquitted.
7852	The outright cost is often a concern, but that's not an issue at Debenhams.
7853	The overall crypto market cap rose by 2.08 percent in the last 24 hours.
7854	The overwhelming choice of where to eat was made easier for us as we had each been given a voucher to choose a meal from the Burger Shop, Leaven Pizza or the Bookshop — but even so, we were stuck between juicy chicken burgers or cheesy sourdough pizza.
7855	“The Owasso Police Department has notified district leaders of the death of an Owasso High School student.
7856	The Owls are looking to win their first road conference game since 2019 after their 48-point defeat to Oklahoma.
7857	The Pack continued to fall over the next two quarters.
7858	The PAC spent more than $50,000 against Richardson’s opponent, Michelle Chambers.
7859	The Paediatric and Maternal Hospital was birthed from a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Guyana and Austria.
7860	The pair allegedly started “sexting” sometime after Nuzzi met him for a feature piece on Kennedy Jr. that is set to be published this November.
7861	The pair are now too scared to go into their shed in Southampton, Hampshire, and don't want to call an expert out in case they get bitten - though the fungus does not infect humans.
7862	The pair stood and held up two huge, homemade signs.
7863	The “paper ceiling”—what is it?
7864	The paper describes the group as a "force of terror in the Red Sea".
7865	The Paphos Regional Tourism Board (Etap) this week announced the conclusion of its latest campaign aimed at attracting domestic tourists.
7866	The parade will weave its way through the city centre via Chichester Street, Victoria Street, High Street, Castle Place and Donegall Place before ending at City Hall.
7867	The parliament building had only been inaugurated in April 2024 following more than 4 years of maintenance and rehabilitation, which included the installation of the latest audio and video equipment.
7868	“The partial release of that recording on Twitter is shocking and unacceptable and frankly, something I’ve never seen in my 24 years serving this organization.”
7869	The party continued by saying it is rising and it will win the 2025 elections, with or without HRDC’s hypocrisy and selective activism.
7870	The party said it looks to the Election Commission to ensure a level playing field.
7871	The party's floor leader, Park Chan-dae, said it will soon prepare for a new impeachment motion.
7872	The pathway just adjoining is currently a well-used bridleway to Haddenham and a popular dog-walking route.
7873	The Patriots also deserve extra points for compiling an undefeated regular season.
7874	The Patriots left us no choice.
7875	The Patriots made sure his induction into the franchise's Hall of Fame was a celebration unlike it had ever thrown before.
7876	“The PBU endeavoured to restrict amendments to minimise the impact on athletes’ preparation and guaranteeing consistency between Olympic Games.”
7877	The pen is mightier than the sword, but it doesn’t seem to be mightier than Evil.
7878	The people in the world of football know how difficult it is being six or seven years there, one week and the other one, in all competitions.
7879	The perception that South Africa has been unsuccessful in the fight against corruption has dented the country's image, and lessened its international leverage and stature.
7880	The performances are, of course, among the best in the world.
7881	The performers ranged in age from 6 to 17. “We’ve been preparing our dance performance since February,” Sanborn said.
7882	The Permanent Secretary said the operation was still ongoing, adding that all responders and the entire LG staff have been relocated outside the premises for safety reasons.
7883	The persistence of the conflict in Israel-Palestine is due precisely to the coexistence of two peoples in the same land—as opposed to the classic sites of settler colonialism, where European settlers decimated Native peoples.
7884	The persons recommended by this state level committee are referred to as ‘categorised protectees.’
7885	The phone for her is a distraction limited to idle time, which has been strategically limited by Romero.
7886	The photo brings up mixed emotions: I see elegance and formality in these photos.
7887	The photographer from London said his first real visit to the town was by chance, when he was capturing the nearby annual Porthcawl Elvis festival for a glossy magazine, and the only remaining hotel room was along the south Wales coast in Port Talbot.
7888	The pine trees were planted at the request of the Observatory to help improve this.
7889	The plaintiff is seeking back pay, attorney fees and unspecified damages to be proven at trial.
7890	The plan details operating hours from 5pm - 11pm most days, and 4pm - 11pm on Fridays and Saturdays.
7891	The plane had just taken off from Newcastle for a 180-kilometre (112-mile) flight north to Port Macquarie when the pilot raised the alarm about “issues with the landing gear”, Mr Humphrey said.
7892	The plan has been developed via a community-led process and strengthened by feedback from stakeholders, Herman said.
7893	The plan is in fact the much more modest one of having the gov't acquire 1 million in BTC, or about $64 billion worth.
7894	The plate of meagre coins is no longer accompanied by statistics on poverty and debt; the lorry carting a warhead down your street is no longer a CND poster.
7895	The platform boasts a diverse selection of over 3,100 slots from top developers, ensuring there’s something for everyone.
7896	The plot sees a group of sorority sisters stalked by a deranged killer on Christmas Eve.
7897	The plug-in hybrid configuration drives about the same, at least once its gas engine kicks on after 37 or so miles.
7898	The PM added: “We absolutely condemn what has happened over the past couple of days.
7899	The PM Shri Air Ambulance Service Scheme, initiated by the CM, aims to provide high-level medical treatment to serious patients during emergencies.
7900	The poems will then be interpreted with a literal naturalist view.
7901	The police are convinced, or at least the male cops are.
7902	The police officer allegedly recorded her statement in Marathi, a language she does not understand.
7903	"The police stopped me when I was out in my car.
7904	The police will record statements of his colleagues and family members to clarify the exact reason behind the step.
7905	The pooch managed to get herself to an island in the middle of the water, with her owner calling (LFB) to get her safely back across.
7906	The popular franchise by author has finally made the jump from the big to the small screen for Percy Jackson and the Olympians.
7907	The popular series is set to return to Bravo before the end of the year and will air at the same time as The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City, The Real Housewives of Potomac, and The Real Housewives of New York.
7908	The Portuguese Man O’ War, with its blue-white float measuring 5-10 centimeters, resembles an eboshi (a traditional Japanese hat) and carries venomous tentacles that can cause intense pain similar to an electric shock if touched.
7909	The Portuguese superstar is not the only one to show their support for his transformation, with Antonio Rudiger describing Ozil as a 'beast' and Rio Ferdinand writing 'looking strong bro'.
7910	The post did not share any date of release for One UI 6.1.1, however, it is believed that the update might be added in July, when the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 are to arrive.
7911	The post read: "No words would ever describe how we are feeling,' she said.
7912	The Poudre Valley REA hundreds of outages throughout the Loveland and Berthoud area, with the highest number of outages near Niwot, according to an outage map.
7913	The precipitation total was 213.4mm (8.40 inches).
7914	“The predicted upsurge in decommissioning activity has landed, even if a damp squib: the spend has risen slightly in 2023 but activities across the decommissioning work breakdown structure (WBS) have tumbled.
7915	The premise of involves a young boy being able to turn into an adult superhero whenever he utters the titular phrase, leading to inevitable comedy and chaos as he balances an immature outlook on life with impressive physical powers.
7916	The premium plan offering Ultra HD quality on four devices at a time and download options on six devices will now be ₦7,000 per month.
7917	The presentation was made during the third annual ‘Touch a Thousand Hearts’ back-to-school event on Friday (August 16) at Meadowbrook High School in St. Andrew.
7918	The President prayed for the continual well-being of the General Overseer and his wife, in addition to many more years in the service of God Almighty.
7919	The previously deposed President Saleh, still bitter at being ousted, put his loyal Republican Guard at their disposal, enabling them to take over 80% of Yemen's population.
7920	The Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary met Trump for dinner in New York in September.
7921	The Princess of Wales made her first significant appearance after undergoing preventative cancer treatment in the ITV Eve special 'Together at Christmas'.
7922	The prior offensive coordinator is the head coach of the Indianapolis Colts.
7923	The problem is it’s often hard to get more sleep and many of us who try are failing.
7924	The problem is they have lost each of those games handily.
7925	The problem was it never got enough support from third-party apps to make it truly indispensable.
7926	The problem with propaganda comes when they so-called democracy starts using it when it's all fake, lies and exaggerations.
7927	The proceedings were on video, with an overhead camera positioned above the part of the table where the ballots were examined by the three board members.
7928	The process can be overwhelming, especially in the midst of ongoing medical treatment.
7929	The production — which will be the fourth “Glengarry” outing on Broadway — is to be directed by Patrick Marber, a Tony Award winner for Tom Stoppard’s “.”
7930	The professional dancer, 33, who vehemently denies any claims of threatening or abusive behaviour and has vowed to 'clear his name', stepped down from the show after eight years this week.
7931	The program applies to passenger cars and pickup trucks that don’t exceed 15,000 pounds.
7932	The programme is a continuation of the government's commitment to economic transformation, following previous policies under the post-COVID plan for Economic Growth (PC-PEG).
7933	The program remit is to "engage individuals from diverse backgrounds and abilities, encouraging inclusivity and fostering a sense of belonging among its members".
7934	The Progressive Co. has a fifty-two week low of $124.06 and a fifty-two week high of $229.00.
7935	The project is already fully permitted, but it will require about $2 billion to complete, and only $450 million of which would be collected through the RIDE IV tax, which would go toward the Horry County portion of the road.
7936	The Promotion will begin on November 11, 2024 at 8am local time and will run through November 26, 2024 ending at 11:59pm local time (the “Promotion Period”).
7937	The property is presented to the market in true move-in condition and would undoubtedly appeal to professionals and families.
7938	The property will be listed on booking.
7939	The proposal video originally kicked off with the couple learning a dance for a TikTok video, but Luke quickly interrupted by getting down on one knee.
7940	The proposed development was approximately 1.5 km from the nearest public highway (B6278) and 2 km from Eggleston, the nearest village.
7941	The proposed solutions belong more to the realm of planned economies and closed societies than to democratic states with open economies.
7942	The protestors demanded the immediate dismissal of Amit Shah from the Union Cabinet.
7943	The provinces and territories have different demand for skilled trades.
7944	The province says Dairy Innovation West (DIW) Buildings & Land Corporation will build a $73.7 million plant in Blackfalds, which will open in 2025.
7945	The province will release details of specific projects in communities as municipalities are notified.
7946	The psalms are full of references to God’s unchanging nature, and God had the prophets deliver messages about His immutability.
7947	The public is being given the an opportunity to comment on the potential impacts to their business or livelihoods if a licence application were successful.
7948	The public is encouraged to attend, and attendees are encouraged to wear red to symbolize how far women and minorities are “in the red” with their pay.
7949	The public is invited to taste free samples from local restaurateurs and cast a vote for the best soup.
7950	The PVTC Tennis Camp in Palos Verdes Estates will develop love for the game and take your skills to the next level.
7951	The Q4 2023 office vacancy rate increased by +0.4% quarter over quarter and +0.8% year over year.
7952	The QAQC insert rate comprises 4 % CRMs using three CRM types with different grades of U ; 4 % blanks and 8 % to 10 % duplicates.
7953	“The quality is exceptionally high,” said Luke.
7954	The question is whether it can be produced safely in an environmentally friendly fashion – and it can be,” he said.
7955	The range of options and recommendations will go before councillors next Wednesday.
7956	The rap star said: "I hate that people be going, 'You're too old to be going out.
7957	The real estate investment trust reported $0.05 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.29 by ($0.24).
7958	The real game-changer is the AI match training feature.
7959	The real life-changing values that individuals are imparted within schools come from books.
7960	There also are several legal challenges involving a Nevada teachers’ union that could put a pause on the $380 million in public funding that the A’s are counting on.
7961	There also isn't an exact temperature that your dog will need a coat, but we recommend watching your dog's behaviour and judging from that, remember you know them best!
7962	“There are 101 Israeli hostages, already 152, days they are in the dungeons of Gaza.”
7963	There are a host of other "change in circumstances" you need to report to the helpline or risk having your benefits stopped or facing a penalty.
7964	There are also new hairstyles to play with in the graphical update.
7965	There are also some very nice non-standard features, including an internal gyroscope and an extra menu button.
7966	There are currently 63 properties for sale in Wexford on MyHome.ie and that’s up 13% over the quarter.
7967	There are eight other candidates running, though none appear to have significant support.
7968	There are good pubs and restaurants, we had a great Christmas fair last Sunday.
7969	‘There are jokes I’ve written in the past that I wouldn’t do now’: Joe Lycett.
7970	There are many layers to this sordid story.
7971	There are many Olympic cities around the world, but only 10 that have hosted the games more than once.
7972	There are many threads of support and control that the rich weave into this partnership.
7973	There are may contrasts!
7974	There are mayoral candidates missing from this.
7975	There are minor delays on the line due to a faulty train at Temple.
7976	“There are several things that are very important regarding this wonderful discovery,” said Gabriela Cervantes Quequezana, an archaeologist not involved in the excavations.
7977	“There are so many echoes to Camille’s story today,” Mirza added, referring to the fact that the French artist only became recognized for her work after her death.
7978	There are so many incredible songs out there that channel the unique energy and emotion of female rage.
7979	“There are so many people like that in this area with no tangible source of income.
7980	There are so many things that stick out to me that were so horrible.
7981	“There are some countries who can easily afford to update (their plans).
7982	There are two hearing systems in many modern courthouses to assist those with hearing difficulties.
7983	The reason for this was twofold.
7984	The reason I’m asking about that is that when something is amiss, often times we expect the individual to adapt to their environment, but we don’t often think about how we can help the environment adapt to them.
7985	The reason Thrusting Shields are so overpowered is because they give fans the chance to defend and attack at the same time, with the Shield Strike skill.
7986	The Rebels had a chance to tie, but missed two good looks behind the 3-point line, and on the ensuing drive, Black Hawks junior point guard Owen Turoski was fouled.
7987	The recently-released has left many fans divided with its open ending.
7988	The recording was not played on radio or television or sold through major music distributors.
7989	The Records of Achievement Award is the National Archives Foundation’s highest award, bestowed on individuals whose work raises awareness of the history and heritage of the United States through the records of the National Archives.
7990	The recovery of the Information Technology sector in 2024, along with increased hiring activity, particularly by Global Capability Centres (GCCs), is anticipated to further boost commercial leasing demand in the coming months.
7991	The red alert does not apply to Lake Glenbawn.
7992	The Red Sox can take a step in the right direction Wednesday when they try to win their series against the Seattle Mariners, another team fighting for the final American League wild-card spot.
7993	“Therefore I am unhappy with the motion as it makes no mention of the baby and his or her healthcare.”
7994	Therefore, it could be one of the best testosterone boosters for you to try.
7995	“Therefore it is likely that local authorities will need to reduce the number of public buildings that they have.”
7996	Therefore, knowing the dos and don'ts of recruiting mortgage staff can help you save time and money and avoid frustration.
7997	Therefore, not every candidate from across both constituencies will be present but each party will be given a voice.
7998	Therefore, the outcome was as obvious as it was predictable.
7999	Therefore, to ensure that these dogs receive adequate food, the BBMP will coordinate with animal caretakers, pourakarmikas, hotel owners, Health Department staff, and other interested parties.”
8000	The regional prosecutor's office on Saturday named the local prosecutor who died along with her children Oleksiy, 7, Mykhailo, 3, and 10-month-old Pavlo as Olha Putyatina and added, "The family was held hostage by a fire inside their own home."
8001	The rehabilitation team eat and sleep alongside the men.
8002	There had been a couple of people who had dubbed the Windies ‘the timebomb’ this tournament because we knew they were capable of a display like this but didn’t know when it would come.
8003	“There has been a lot of mold and mildew.
8004	There has been a lot of speculation as to who might stand for the DUP in Lagan Valley following Donaldson’s exit from the political stage.
8005	There has been a reduction of more than 13 per cent in vehicle crimes reported (28,452 offences) and an almost 12 per cent drop in burglaries (12,189 offences), while theft from the person has seen a huge 28 per cent decrease (3,236 offences).
8006	There has to be a reflection for some of our players.
8007	“There have been past winters where we’ve had a week or two like this, maybe even a couple of weeks,” Boulay told CNN, describing the odd nature of this winter in Minnesota, before noting it hasn’t ever been this warm for this long.
8008	There have been reports of gridlock in Gloucester and motorists have faced long delays heading between Gloucester and Cheltenham.
8009	There have been times I’ve selected the early morning flight because it’s a bit cheaper – but oh my god, in the moment, you’d pay any extra money for a proper night’s sleep before you fly with small kids.
8010	The Reign play at the Toyota Arena in Ontario, Calif. about an hour away from Hollywood.
8011	The Reindeer in Stourbridge Road has returned to its original name.
8012	There is a big police investigation underway here.
8013	"There is a huge difference between making content online and being a real life prostitute and there are a lot of areas in this field that I personally find to be a major red flag."
8014	There is a lot of love within recruiting ranks for Berry, who has been a consistent goalkicker throughout the season, whether for the Bushrangers or as a key cog for Country at the championships.
8015	There is always a right way to fix something wrong.
8016	“There is a need for quiet safe spaces because sometimes the excitement of visiting somewhere new can be overwhelming for some impairments and an empty corner with seating can be ideal for them to chill out if they’re becoming over stimulated or anxious.
8017	“There is a point of anxiety and panic because everyone doesn’t know where they stand but we’ll wait for the next step from the province,” Tshaka said.
8018	“There is a ton of pressure and you can either deal with it or you can’t,” he said.
8019	There is congestion to junction 30 with Lakeside Shopping Centre near Purfleet, and traffic will begin easing as the morning continues.
8020	There is going to be more than 45 health and wellness vendors, bingo, music entertainment by Britt Godwin and Friends, free lunch, more than 40 $25 value door prizes and lots of fun and fellowship.
8021	There is greater competition for centre back places at Chelsea but they have lost Thiago Silva and plan to sell Trevoh Chalobah who is valued around £25million.
8022	There is indeed a whole ‘orchestra’ behind this Partnership scheme, from the Allison Homes project team to the site team and the suppliers on the ground, all of whom should take some pride in this award.
8023	“There is no doubt in the Corrie family that she will give the performance of a lifetime and make Debbie’s exit one to remember for years.”
8024	“There is no god who can convince you that you are worth saving and that you are forgiven other than the God of Revelation; the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob; the God and Father of Jesus Christ, in communion with the Holy Spirit,” he continued.
8025	“There is no need to wait for your university offer to start your application.
8026	There is no reason to doubt government intention.
8027	There is nothing weird about loving every Jew and seeing the best and the positive in them.
8028	There isn’t anyone he met who didn’t become a friend.
8029	There is planning, legalities, and hard work involved.
8030	There is such a rapport that the camera’s presence doesn’t hold as much weight.
8031	There just wasn't room for him.
8032	The release into the atmosphere of even a fraction of this as carbon dioxide and methane will have a profound impact on the climate.”
8033	The remains of Mr Ibu will be buried on June 28, 2024, in his hometown of Amuri, Nkanu West Local Government Area of Enugu State.
8034	There may be some 3 million Ukrainians still living in these territories.
8035	The renewal comes after nearly four months since its second season wrapped up its 8-episode run.
8036	The renovation aims to restore the structure's original style by reconstructing the granite base.
8037	The renowned Jaipur BookMark, one of South Asia’s biggest publishing conclaves, will return to the festival with its eleventh edition.
8038	The replay is shown.
8039	The report added that around 74 per cent of consumers claimed to be using digital payment services for a transaction a family member made.
8040	The report alleged that foreign interference had been detected across a broad swath of Canadian politics and society, including every level of government, every political party, the media and the private sector.
8041	The report also stated that it has beaten Talk To Me’s and is below 2018’s Hereditary’s debuts.
8042	The report, commissioned by Borough Council, also highlighted a “macho culture of high stakes accountability” which is the “root cause” of so much distress for school leaders.
8043	The reports of abuses were not limited to torture and killings, but also included theft of valuables and money.
8044	There’s absolutely no evidence that Biden is on the brink of death, even though he’s 81 years old and last week.
8045	There's a few of 'em.
8046	There’s also a Hidetaka Miyazaki signed Elden Ring poster at $15,000 (£11,500) and YouTuber JaidenAnimations’ 10 million subscriber achievement button at $13,100 (£10,000).
8047	There’s a meet-the-parents scene in the new Netflix series “Nobody Wants This” where Noah arrives at his girlfriend Joanne’s house (played by wearing a sports coat and carrying an oversized bouquet of sunflowers.
8048	“There’s a natural appetite around the holidays for football and bowl games,” Kurt Dargis, ESPN’s senior director of programming and acquisitions, said at Sports Business Journal’s Intercollegiate Athletics Forum last week in Las Vegas.
8049	“There’s a part of me that’s like, ‘Oh my gosh, can you imagine if they go to the Super Bowl and she sings the national anthem and then Travis comes onto the field and they kiss?’
8050	There's a really cool paper, it's titled something like grip strength is an indispensable marker of ageing, something like that, which is basically saying like you cannot not pay attention to grip strength."
8051	“There’s a scene when Tilda’s character says that whenever she can’t get to sleep she thinks of all the men she’s had sex with.
8052	Theresa Schafzahl's late third period goal gave Boston a 3-2 victory over Ottawa Wednesday night in PWHL action.
8053	The researchers found that the buried soil at the monument was disturbed at the time of construction, which provided the opportunity to date it.
8054	The researchers suspect that the newly discovered interaction occurs very early in the process of clathrin-mediated endocytosis.
8055	The research found that Musk’s claims that Democrats support “importing voters” were viewed nearly 1.3 billion times.
8056	The research shows that Scots are the region least likely to make lasting friendships on the bus, with only one in five (19 per cent) admitting to meeting friends in this way.
8057	The research was commissioned by Philips Lumea IPL, which is launching the pop-up on Saturday 8th June - an immersive experience showcasing alternatives to regular painful hair removal methods.
8058	There’s enough headroom and legroom back there for adults up to around 6’3″, and the seats themselves are comfortable with plenty of cushioning and even some side bolstering.
8059	There’s even a dog-like bot known as Asobi that you can mess around with.
8060	“There’s even this famous reporter who did change her last name for her husband’s, and people really make fun of her because of it.”
8061	There's grief from losing the person and brother that I knew, without having a chance to see his life coming to pass.
8062	There, she finds Eddie Brock rushing through the church's door with a pistol on his hip.
8063	“There should be a way to identify, for example, through the utility bill… where if you are using electricity and water that should suggest that someone is living there,” he said.
8064	“There’s just been a complete sea-change in behaviour.
8065	There’s lots of excitement about Tony Brown being in charge of the Boks’ attack.
8066	There’s lots to improve on - but I think it's going to be a really exciting day.
8067	There’s more to it than simply having a kid.
8068	There’s no doubt the speak-no-evil approach backfired on Nagy.
8069	There’s no in-house appraisal service with this company, so you’ll need to find a trusted appraiser independently.
8070	“There’s no justice that can be done in this courtroom,” she said.
8071	There's no question about the rulings in this and about what the facts of the case are, and yet here we are two years out still on strike.
8072	There’s no reason to believe that they won’t do the same to the city of Sacramento.
8073	There’s no reason to expect that the current Labour Party will more popular after what looks like 5 years of economic austerity.
8074	"There's not even anywhere to sit, we're just stood around.
8075	There’s nothing about ‘me.’
8076	There's nothing unusual about a rugby league player enjoying a flutter on the fillies.
8077	The resolution was filed in light of a signature campaign for Charter change (Cha-cha).
8078	The resolution was sent to the Select Board by Town resident Benjamin Grimes.
8079	"There's plenty of choice at 10, it's all up for grabs and nobody's really sure what will happen," he told AAP, the twang developed during his time at Surrey's rugby institution Epsom College all-but gone.
8080	There’s skepticism about what the farm system can offer — a much different outlook from the previous Sox rebuild, when Robert and Moncada were seen as the faces of a promising future.
8081	There's something about seeing monstrous love stories unfold on screen that gives them an extra bit of staying power, and is rooted firmly in a cinematic tradition of beauty-and-beast tales.
8082	“There’s the obvious mobility issues — I use a crutch and have a brace, but I also don’t have any feeling in my foot, so it is a high risk for injury.
8083	“There’s this thing called cortisol awakening response.
8084	The restitution hearing is simply for the method of how payment is to be made, whether in full or partial payments.
8085	The rest of the money ($150,000) was supplied by the Ministry of Planning, Agriculture, Housing and Infrastructure.
8086	The rest premiered on Fox's website.
8087	The retailer also returned products worth about ¥2 million without properly conducting quality checks, according to the FTC.
8088	The return of Osaka to the top of the game would be one of the best things that’s happened to women’s sport in the past decade.
8089	The Rev. Dr. Andre T. Melvin will be the guest pastor.
8090	There was a four-year waiting list on the NHS so Brianna wanted to go private.
8091	There was also the first sign of a recovery in manufacturing with the best quarterly growth since early 2021.
8092	There was no big winner in the Mega Millions drawing Tuesday night, so that means the prize climbs to $792 million dollars for the Friday night drawing.
8093	"There was no dignity or privacy and the staff were repeatedly saying they were tired and short staffed.”
8094	There was no immediate indication the hamstring injury suffered by running back Jaylen Warren is serious.
8095	There was no immediate report of the call by Russian officials.
8096	There was this moment between Owen and Amelia while Teddy was in the OR where they were holding hands.
8097	There were about 35 records that were shattered as the drivers jostled for world championship points and podium finishes.
8098	There were a few dustups between the opponents, but nothing to write home to momma about.
8099	There were also his cartoons that often covered affairs of the day and there are two that keep coming back to me.
8100	There were a total of 100 finishers at the event that also featured a 1K kids’ fun run.
8101	“There (were) ebbs and flows in the game, but I was proud of the way the team responded each time.”
8102	“There were many positive comments made by parents, Rotarians, teachers and attendees.
8103	'There were missiles coming around us'
8104	There were ones that we really doctored and made to look perfect, but, ultimately, it's Pop Rocks when you see them eating it down in the nightclub.
8105	There were only a few points in it," said Norrie.
8106	“There were people wanting to help and volunteer, and helping to work out whatever kinks there were, just saying: ‘Tell me where to be and I'll be there, and we'll help,’’’ Mazur recalled.
8107	There were rumblings in Tallahassee, by FloridaPolitics.
8108	There were some individual players, if you go by pieces of the puzzle, there were some good stories.
8109	“There were tensions on many issues, and… when you put the claims on the right side and you put the claims on the left side, both parties said we don’t need to fight anymore and withdrew all the claims.”
8110	There will also be enough storage for 18 bikes in cycle stands that will be covered by the store's canopy.
8111	"There will be a significant opportunity for clinicians and staff, patients, carers, other stakeholders and the broader community to contribute to the planning and design for the new hospital," she said.
8112	"There will be a wide range of koala feed and habitat trees available, with a limit of 20 trees per person."
8113	There will be both state and federal observers in Harris County on Election Day because of its size and a series of issues in the past, putting extra pressure on the county clerk to run a smooth and accurate election.
8114	There will be large arrivals from end of this month and then in December.
8115	There will be no impact on Union Lane as a result of the development, though refurbishment and enhancement of the laneway is proposed.
8116	There will be something for classic bike fans as well, as the CB500 and Modern/Retro 400s take to the circuit.
8117	There you go bro.
8118	The richness of caramelized onions with buttery, tender Brussels sprouts makes for a satisfying side.
8119	The risks include biohazards emanating from decomposing humans or animals and the presence of alligators.
8120	The rituals were looked down on by Jewish religious authorities, but that did not rule out Jewish spectators.
8121	"The road is closed at the A84 at Doune.
8122	The roads leading to neighbouring villages, where farmers with healthy livestock once lived, are overgrown with weeds.
8123	The road was reopen about 9:45 a.m.
8124	The room was a carnival of colour, vibrance, energy, love and support, and all my worries evaporated as I shimmied down the aisle.
8125	The room was filled with realtors who were there to learn how they can support the effort to get veterans into homeownership.
8126	The Rosemary owner Izzy Kerian said his is a commercial building and denied knowledge of its rent-controlled status.
8127	The Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland (RCSI) said there “is no record” for AI cheating.
8128	“The Royal Jordanian Air Force and air defence systems responded to a number of missiles and drones that entered Jordanian airspace,” a statement said.
8129	The royal once famously wore these "really comfy" boots in a video released to mark her 10th wedding anniversary to Prince William.
8130	The Royals and their opponents have hit the over in 37 of their 85 games with a total this season.
8131	The RPNGC and partner security agencies have an enviable track record of delivering a safe and secure environment to these important guests in Papua New Guinea.
8132	The ruling political parties always had strong but mostly informal networks among women.
8133	The ruling says video evidence submitted by the strata “clearly shows” the noise coming from the couple’s doorbell camera was loud enough to be heard in the complex’s common areas and in owners’ units across the street.
8134	The ruling was a significant reversal of fortune for Hifter.
8135	The run game will certainly be rejuvenated—if there’s one thing Jim Harbaugh teams will do well, it’s run the ball—but the Roman passing game was a little outdated and bare in Baltimore, the reason he ultimately was let go.
8136	The Russell 2000 is down in January.
8137	The Russian city of Belgorod, also near the Ukrainian border, cancelled its traditional Orthodox Epiphany festivities on Friday because of the threat of Ukrainian drone strikes.
8138	The 'Ryan Reynolds Memorial Blimp' - which featured in season two of Welcome to Wrexham recently - featured Ryan's 'Deadpool' face on it.
8139	The SAA deal — which was first announced by Gordhan in June 2021 — has been the subject of fierce wrangling over the years, spurring on calls for the minister’s resignation.
8140	“The safety and security of Postal Service employees and customers is core to the mission of the Postal Inspection Service,” Ruth M. Mendonça, inspector in charge of the Chicago Division of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, said in a statement.
8141	The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through sold 7,275 shares of Keysight Technologies stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 27th.
8142	The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through sold 8,242 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 9th.
8143	The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through sold 14,398 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, August 23rd.
8144	The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through sold 750 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, June 3rd.
8145	The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through sold 1,378 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, October 1st.
8146	The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through sold 75,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 30th.
8147	The sambal sweet mayo mixed with the Asian-inspired slaw delivered a hint of heat that sneaks up on you.
8148	The same can be said for the eviction exercises around the city.
8149	The same is true outside Israel.
8150	“The same thing with NULGE.
8151	The samples are essential evidence for documenting “one of the greatest ecological disasters in Europe since “, as Ukraine’s deputy foreign minister, Andriy Melnyk, has described it.
8152	The San Francisco 49ers expressed optimism last week that Christian McCaffrey will soon be able to ramp up his rehab, but a new report has once again raised concern about whether the star running back will play at all in…
8153	The savings will be considered by councillors when they meet to set the crucial budget this week (Thursday, February 22).
8154	The scam uses several manipulated photos recycled from identical scams around Europe and other parts of the world.
8155	“The scary thing about prison is not being locked up in one place.
8156	The scheme is due to finish the construction element by December 2025, then undergo a trial phase where all of the overhead signs and signals will be tested.
8157	The school had roughly 800 students from 48 countries, including violence-plagued African nations such as Eritrea, Nigeria and Sudan, as well as Israeli Jews and Arabs.
8158	The school inspires pupils’ curiosity and joy of learning through guest speakers and museum trips.
8159	“The scores demonstrate that brands and supermarkets know you can’t get a substandard cuppa past a nation of discerning tea drinkers, but Which? has proved that you don’t need to spend a lot for a good brew.”
8160	The Scot has developed into a key player under Iraola, starting most and even when he is on the bench, he tends to be one of the first men turned to to rescue a situation.
8161	The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service (SFRS) sent four fire engines and specialist resources to the scene, where firefighters worked overnight and extinguished a fire affecting the large derelict building.
8162	The ‘Scream’ actress – who has 20-year-old daughter Coco with ex-husband David Arquette and is in a relationship with Snow Patrol’s Johnny McDaid – believes her creative nature has helped her stay young at heart.
8163	The script was clear early on as the Cougars quickly ran a surprise onside to get the ball back.
8164	The sculptures will stay up until April 14.
8165	These allow you to invest your money in assets such as company shares or bonds.
8166	The search for solutions to mitigate these losses continues as Japan’s credit card industry grapples with the financial strains of accommodating an influx of foreign tourists.
8167	These are difficult and unprecedented times.
8168	These are important for laying the groundwork for future Lib Dem gains.
8169	These are paid ad campaigns.
8170	The season will be running for 40 episodes and feature Dante Basco and Janet Varney as the hosts.
8171	These bonds were sold in denominations ranging from Rs 1,000 (£9.6) to 10 million rupees (£95,972).
8172	These characters are waiting for someone who is never going to come, and in some ways, isn't that what grief is?”
8173	The second building, it was determined, did not have a fire, but smoke had drifted from the first fire into the second building.”
8174	The second half Cougars looked scared, unsure of themselves and like they were in a hurry to hop on the charter flight back to Provo.
8175	The second half was a different story and the Magpies had a chance in the final stages, only for some scrambling CYMS defence to bundle Coopa Martin into touch close to the line.
8176	The second inning started with third baseman Isaac Paredes singling on a line drive to left field.
8177	The second is a self-congratulatory gloat by Sir John Gladstone, plantation and slave owner, on August 1, 1838, in a letter to his son, William, later prime minister of England.
8178	The second quarter proved a real see-saw affair as buckets from Olaf Michalczuk, Kennedy and Lucid for Mercy were countered with those of Nathan Comerford, Lovic and Charles for Éanna.
8179	The second season was pretty much a Captain Carter show in disguise, which really should've been it's own show like Zombies.
8180	“These crimes, in our assessment, continue to this day,” he also explained.
8181	These estimations can also be cross-referenced with institutions like Kelley Blue Book, in which you are able to actually see dollar amounts attached to used vehicles and compare them with their original MSRP prices.
8182	These factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results or outcomes to vary significantly, and adversely, from those anticipated at the time such statements were first made.
8183	These features have already been in Google Pixel and Samsung phones.
8184	These findings were consistent with the rationale provided by District Court Judge Tanya Chutkan, who similarly dismantled Trump’s immunity claims in resounding fashion last year.
8185	These foods play a vital role in boosting metabolism and facilitating weight loss by targeting stubborn fat.
8186	These funds are generated from services we provide to the flying community, without these funds NAMA can’t discharge its responsibility of ensuring the safety of our airspace effectively.
8187	These have included a prolonged phase of high inflationary pressure since 2022.
8188	These help keep other harmful bacteria in check and prevent other organisms such asfrom multiplying out of control and causing health conditions like candidiasis.
8189	These include a dwarf Red Rio grapefruit, Wonderful pomegranate and a Thompson grape.
8190	“These individuals were more likely to develop dementia and tended to do so at a younger age than those with different APOE combinations.
8191	These initiatives reflect a broader commitment to building a robust healthcare system and supporting the well-being of citizens.
8192	These innovators from across the world try to solve real-world challenges identified by UN Organizations like WHO, the World Food Programme, UN-Habitat and the UN Climate Innovation Hub.
8193	“These issues are all interconnected,” the student said.
8194	These kinds of purpose initiatives can be boring, but this approach adds energy to the message.
8195	These mugs became so popular and hard to get that fights broke out!
8196	“These must be thoroughly cleaned (and disinfected) and maintained in a clean condition.”
8197	The Senate also passed a resolution to promote majority plant-based catering practices among student groups that receive ASG funding.
8198	The Senate leader also noted that the order only applied to the executive branch.
8199	These opinions may seem like roadblocks to some, yet they can be the impetus to study an issue more thoroughly.
8200	These photos show what was happening in 1990, right here in Cumbria.
8201	These Poly shades are handmade in small batches from locally sourced estate agent advertising boards that would otherwise go to landfill after use.
8202	“These projects give visibility and representation to the immigrant community living here.
8203	These results provide considerable validation of MEB-001 and its ability in the screening and diagnosis of a current Major Depressive Episode (cMDE) in test subjects.
8204	The series has axed plenty of fave characters, and freely wields whump whenever Sukuna is involved.
8205	"The service receives a high number of referrals.
8206	These strategies keep me focused, even when the temptation to put off writing looms large.
8207	These systems have a lower environmental impact compared to large dams, as they do not require significant water storage.
8208	These things come by strong work,” said the President last year.
8209	These two concepts, submitted Shakantu, are mutually destructive.
8210	These two indexes offer a window into the formidable strength underlying Israel’s tech-based economy.
8211	These values are embodied in the two NISSAN X-Trail e-Power vehicles, which symbolise our commitment to advancing technology and sustainability while combining safety with eco-friendly performance.”
8212	These vegan gummy candies are bigger than other jelly beans, and they come in yummy fruit flavors.
8213	The Seven Deadly Sins: Four Knights of the Apocalypseis teased as such, "Dive into an endless world, into a great destinyThe Seven Deadly Sins!
8214	These will have you wrathily rewatching.
8215	The sexy starlet and her former lover were together for three years and during that time, she did not work at all because he would be jealous of any man who worked with her.
8216	The shadow of history is hard to ignore in the Situation Room.
8217	The shares were acquired at an average cost of $92.69 per share, for a total transaction of $99,919.82.
8218	The shares were bought at an average price of $2.05 per share, for a total transaction of $102,500.00.
8219	The shares were sold at an average price of $125.00, for a total value of $125,000.00.
8220	The sharp rise in rates of gold and silver has severely hit bullion trade in Tiruchi.
8221	The ‘She Wolf’ singer has not released an album since 2017 when ‘El Dorado’, which was mostly sung in her native Spanish’, spawned the singles ‘Chantaje’ and ‘Me Enamore’.
8222	"The ship is safe, and all hotel services are operational.
8223	The shoot was for Amazon – which was due to go live in North America, South Africa and China.
8224	The shopping centre includes Foodhall, Boots, PureGym and Homebase.
8225	The shop will sell a range of chocolatey goods.
8226	The short version of all of this?
8227	The show airs at 9 p.m. Friday and Saturday nights on the Reelz Network and is available on multiple streaming services, including Peacock and Amazon Prime.
8228	The show will be aired by TVes, a channel that is part of the socialist regime’s massive state-owned media apparatus.
8229	The Shroud is something that Mace Windu was never trained for and isn't prepared for – and might push a JEDI KNIGHT to his breaking point!
8230	The Shuttle is later expanded to Manchester, Edinburgh and Belfast.
8231	The sides met just before Christmas, when the Bluebirds overturned a deficit to leave Hillsborough with three points.
8232	The signage in this car park is somehow perhaps lacking.
8233	The signing of a joint resolution by the five Counties Councils to end open defecation has opened business windows for the private sector to invest in sanitation business with the 'Quee' Toilet being introduced through CWSA.
8234	The Silk Mill is looking forward to welcoming the community in its new form and encourages guests in the local area to come and experience the refreshed local venue.
8235	The simmering feud between rap artists Drake and Kendrick Lamar has taken a new turn.
8236	“The simple message to anyone ignoring these signs is: stop, read the signs, and follow the rules.
8237	The six-episode series examines what drives someone to break the rules and what happens when they are caught.
8238	The sleek-looking Su-57 Felon is a twin-engine, single-seat, multi-role fighter jet.
8239	The sleep-monitoring feature of smartwatches and other wearable gadgets can track how much shut-eye you’re getting – but what if you have trouble just falling asleep in the first place?
8240	The small bags can be placed on window sills and in corners where electrical appliances might not reach.
8241	“The smells coming from the kitchen drain indicate that it’s time to do thorough drain cleaning, which typically involves using an enzymatic drain cleaner.
8242	The SNG team will join forces with the youth organisation the Handy Trust, parenting support group Family Matters, Itchen College and Hythe parish council anti-social behaviour community officers.
8243	The so-called “let’s go” rumbles are very similar to those previously recorded in female elephants, and the researchers suggest that male elephants likely learn the behaviour when they are young.
8244	The society paid tribute to his “instrumental role” in the redevelopment of the Royal Highland showground at Ingliston, in Edinburgh.
8245	The sockeye run is just days away from entering the Chilcotin River.
8246	The soles of our shoes can also carry viruses as well as other unhealthy and unpleasant substances.
8247	The song deals with the feeling of being emotionally distant and disconnected, even though you’re physically there.
8248	The song was particularly poignant coming from the Scorpions, who at one point were known as a West German metal band and who had seen the detrimental effects of Communism divide their homeland throughout their lives.
8249	'The sources added that the attack targeted a mass party attended by thousands of Christians inside a music hall located within the city.
8250	The South African electorate is frustrated with the ANC’s persistent and debilitating corruption, as well as high crime; electricity and water shortages; and economic stagnation that has included unemployment rates well over 30%.
8251	The South African Guild of Mobility Journalists (SAGMJ) has published the semifinalists for the 2025 Car of the Year (Coty) competition.
8252	The spacecraft made a historic precision touchdown on January 20, though it landed the wrong way up.
8253	The Spanish, however, have been in this very position before and suddenly seen every single flaw come together at once.
8254	The spokesperson said, “The 39-year-old gym owner from Warwick was “very impressed” with how the group performed.”
8255	“The sprinting stocks are very even, and I’d say he’s up there, but he needs to convince people,” Hayes said.
8256	The stacked cast of will steal your breath away.
8257	The Stade de France also hosted the 2022 UEFA Champions League final that saw fans crushed, pepper-sprayed and beaten by police due to failed crowd management policy.
8258	The state Department of Agriculture this year released its plan to develop aquaculture in Hawaii.
8259	The State Fire Marshall and Windsor Fire Marshall are investigating, Savelli said.
8260	The state government has assured that Kano remains peaceful and tranquil, urging residents to continue their regular activities in compliance to the laws of the land.
8261	The state health department has alerted to a recall by Niitakaya USA, Inc. of its Shiso Katsuo Ninniku and Miso Katsuo Ninniku.
8262	The statement read: "We, members of the Dublin Senior Ladies Football Team and Management feel strongly about taking a stand on the issue of an Immediate Ceasefire in Palestine.
8263	The statement said Tewari had told the accused that through these emails, “he would get highlighted on social media, his security would be increased and he would make big political gains”.
8264	The statement said: “We extend our profound gratitude to the Defence Headquarters, the dedicated troops, and all military personnel involved in this successful operation for their steadfast commitment to safeguarding our citizens.
8265	The state NSCDC boss further spoke on the arrest of the second suspect, 31-year-old Israel Akinregbide.
8266	The steak is grilled to order and served atop smooth charred eggplant with a bright charred-tomatillo and pineapple salsa for a perfectly balanced bite.
8267	The Steelers have a better running game, though it must get off to a quicker start.
8268	The steelworkers union, which sought the measures Biden is adopting, endorsed him last month.
8269	"The steps are, broadly speaking, that you first give a notice of cancellation of the contract," he said.
8270	The stock has a 50-day simple moving average of $141.35 and a 200 day simple moving average of $137.96.
8271	The stock has a fifty day moving average of $0.03 and traded as low as $0.03.
8272	The stock has a market cap of $13.58 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.40, a P/E/G ratio of 1.42 and a beta of 2.18.
8273	The stock has a market cap of $25.99 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.20, a PEG ratio of 3.52 and a beta of 1.03.
8274	The stock has a market cap of $3.45 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.11 and a beta of 1.03.
8275	The stock has a market cap of $79.53 billion, a PE ratio of 11.50 and a beta of 0.80.
8276	The stock’s 50 day moving average is $127.01 and its 200-day moving average is $120.53.
8277	The stock’s 50 day simple moving average is $54.15 and its 200 day simple moving average is $53.05.
8278	The stock traded as low as $27.82 and last traded at $28.42, with a volume of 12446 shares trading hands.
8279	The stock traded as low as GBX 338 ($4.42) and last traded at GBX 340 ($4.45).
8280	The stock was sold at an average price of $239.00, for a total value of $135,513.00.
8281	The stock was sold at an average price of $32.50, for a total transaction of $97,500.00.
8282	The storm in Houston is now over, allowing residents to begin to cleaning up on Friday.
8283	The story ends with Sukuna’s defeat and the sorcerers preparing to reset the broken Jujutsu world, which is just what Gojo wanted.
8284	The story told is that of societal ways, determination and ultimately love.
8285	The Straw Hats reunite at Sabaody!
8286	The Strictly Come Dancing host will meet the new roster of strangers in what the corporation calls "the ultimate game of detection, backstabbing and trust."
8287	'The strongest winds will occur in western, southern and eastern Tasmania, where gusts are expected to reach up to about 110km/h in low-lying areas and above 125km/h about elevated terrain and along parts of the state's east coast,' he said.
8288	The Stryker 8U (top) team also had a successful tourney by taking third in their league tournament.
8289	The students of mini KG, junior KG and senior KG put their best put forward and regaled the audiences with their performances in the programme held on December 22, 2023 at the school's ground in Bandra East.
8290	“The students who opt for the optional language paper will have to pass in all six papers to pass Class X,” the order had stated.
8291	The students who walked out, with some carrying the Palestinian flag, made their way to a green space on campus where they were greeted by parents and faculty members who gave them a makeshift ceremony.
8292	The student told investigators that the principal had pushed her and hit her arm, but the Paris prosecutor’s office said that a complaint she had filed accusing the principal of assault had been dropped over a lack of evidence.
8293	The summit also included a gala dinner, highlighting the achievements of BFF alumni and further strengthening the connections between investors, startups, and key ecosystem players.
8294	The Sunday Muster Artisan Markets are on this Sunday, July 28 at Mortels Sheepskin Factory, Thornton.
8295	The supervisor also admitted to not following an overtime equalization chart, which ensures that overtime opportunities are first offered to employees with the fewest overtime hours.
8296	The supply chain disruptions have a lagging effect on consumer prices.
8297	The support workers build up relationships with drug takers during their time in prison, creating bonds which lead to positive behaviours.
8298	The Supreme Court has overturned the decision and upheld their sentences.
8299	The surreal imagery finds its source, and conjures up universes of connectivity and attunement that scare the younger man with its intensity.
8300	The suspect also allegedly made a slew of other demands to the child including to drown the baby in the bath and scold the infant with boiling water, deputies said.
8301	The suspect and the injured woman are not believed to be known to each other, Gloucestershire Police said in a statement.
8302	The suspect remains at large and police say investigations into the incident are ongoing.
8303	The suspension letter, partially quoted, reads: “This letter serves to inform you that Rev Liberty Maadza has been suspended from his ministerial duties for a period of six months with effect from May 1, 2024, to October 31, 2024, without pay.
8304	The system is designed to modernise all parts of the game in Scotland, including harmonising player registrations, security checks, refereeing and matchday information.
8305	The system needs to change and change now.”
8306	The T10 Demerara team representing Guyana.
8307	The T-6 Texan's operating costs are significantly lower, running about $2,235 per flight hour.
8308	The Tailevu women’s rugby team beat Navosa 41- 31 in the final round of the promotion relegation at Ratu Cakobau Park, Nausori, this afternoon.
8309	“The talks with FC Bayern were very positive and I’m very happy to now be playing for such a big club,” Olise told his new club’s website.
8310	The Taylor Swift and Kim Kardashian drama has been unearthed and fans on both sides are butting heads.
8311	The teacher had students highlight what they thought was most important in the Truth About Marijuana booklet.
8312	The team member falsified information on their application, and we can confirm they no longer work for us.
8313	The team said the findings, published in the New England Journal Of Medicine, could pave the way for innovative treatments and targeted therapies for a disease that affects 982,000 people in the UK.
8314	“The team will be responsible for data strategy and architecture along with shaping the use of artificial intelligence within the group,” ANZ said in a statement.
8315	The technologies that can expedite this mission include directed energy weapons, electronic warfare, autonomous vehicles, and cyber warfare of various sorts.
8316	The technology, called SystmOne DNA, analyses patient records and identifies those with a history of missing appointments.
8317	The technology was recommended by the European Transport Safety Council on claims that ISA could reduce traffic collisions by 30 per cent and casualties by 20 per cent as part of a wider target of achieving zero road deaths by 2050.
8318	"The tectonic shift we are seeing with AI right now is bigger than anything that we have seen in the past, be it broadband or mobile or cloud," Philippe Botteri, a partner at Accel, said in an interview.
8319	The teen was last seen on Monday, August 26, 2024 at Lot 5 B Anna Catherina, WCD clad in a pair of short black pants and a white and black T-shirt.
8320	The temperature of the room falls.
8321	The temple was built atop the ruins of the 16th-century Babri mosque, which was destroyed by Hindu nationalist mobs in 1992.
8322	The term is a portmanteau of the words “leg godt”, which mean “play well” (aww).
8323	The Tetepisca Property is located approximately 220 km north of the town of Baie-Comeau in the North Shore Region of Québec.
8324	The text says, "May the Fourth Be With You," which is a play on the Star Wars line, "May the force be with you."
8325	The TGA emphasized the importance of more visibility for the course in the community, possibly through increased signage and an enhanced social media presence.
8326	The theater and dance students, led by YSU musical theater lecturer Adam Day Howard, will perform the international premiere of the musical comedy “Here There Be Dragons” 10 times at Fringe Festival, which runs from Aug. 2-26.
8327	“The theatre has also given the Trust increased resilience and flexibility, whilst creating an opportunity for Leigh to really support with reducing elective waiting lists in Greater Manchester.
8328	“The theme is very relevant.
8329	The thermals through the day are strongest on the west side, he said, and air from the east side pours west as the East Bench, Cottonwood Heights and other eastern neighborhoods get cooler air from the Cottonwood Canyons.
8330	The third district representative is Dean Asistio, another member of the Lakas-CMD party and the son of former Caloocan Mayor Luis Asistio.
8331	The thought, I suppose, is that those who are unencumbered by other human beings can please themselves.
8332	The times I’ve viewed any of his content I’m left shaking my head at people with talent vs. those like Matteo who are lacking that key element.
8333	The title of the exhibit, “Of Baskets and Borers,” references the invasive insect the Emerald Ash Borer.
8334	The TMC was quick to counter, dubbing the allegations “baseless”.
8335	The TMO reviewed a foot on the sideline but it was cleared.
8336	The top school from Connacht, Leinster, Munster and Ulster will then progress to May’s grand final at which the prize package will include €8,000 worth of sports equipment.
8337	The top table and office-bearers gather.
8338	The Toronto Transit Commission is increasing service on its bus, subway and streetcar networks starting Sept. 1 to encourage more people in the city to return to public transit following a significant ridership drop during the COVID-19 pandemic.
8339	The trade was a 29.11 % decrease in their position.
8340	The traditional Irish breakfast incites memories of meals in kitchens that smell of freshly cooked meats, fried vegetables, and baked bread.
8341	The trailer is also a unique site for public art.
8342	The train did not stop there.
8343	The trained animal can provide support by aiding and prompting routines for waking, eating, taking medication, exercise, socialising and sleeping patterns.
8344	The training and education extends beyond courses.
8345	The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at sold 38,083 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 22nd.
8346	The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through sold 2,470 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 19th.
8347	The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through sold 3,100 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 21st.
8348	The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through sold 15,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, July 15th.
8349	The travelling support taunted Ten Hag with chants of “you’re getting sacked in the morning” during the second half.
8350	The tree top is made of plastic bags and the rainbow is out of plastic bottle caps.
8351	The trend has been building from a simmer, emerging just before the pandemic with “Indian-ish: Recipes and Antics From a Modern American Family” by Priya Krishna in 2019.
8352	The triple-screen display panels serve as a unified instrument cluster, and infotainment display.
8353	The trip was inaugurated by Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik virtually.
8354	The trooper attempted to stop the SUV as it went north, but the driver refused to stop, police said.
8355	The Troy Trojans (1-4, 0-1) opened up Sun Belt Conference play on Saturday night with a 13-9 loss to the Louisiana-Monroe Warhawks (3-1, 1-0) at home on Military Appreciation Day.
8356	The Trussell Trust opened its first UK food bank in Salisbury in 2000 and had grown to around 35 food banks by 2010.
8357	The Trust has since 2005 operated a project called Back on the Road which aims to assist those with drug or alcohol addiction problems by providing work experience which will prepare them for a return to employment and society in general.
8358	The Twins, who won the AL Central last year, have lost 10 of 13 and fell to 6-12, second-worst in the AL ahead of only the division rival Chicago White Sox.
8359	The two are very comparable in their strengths, weaknesses, and empty routes they offered in the passing game.
8360	The two-barred model, however, received more bullying.
8361	The two countries have also been discussing a Free Trade Agreement.
8362	The two fires came as northern India was gripped by intense heat, with temperatures in Delhi hitting 46.8 degrees Celsius on Saturday, according to the India Meteorological Department.
8363	The two formed a committee to fight an Edmonton city ordinance that banned Black residents from pools.
8364	The two got engaged in 2009 and tied the knot in 2010 at a private home in Malibu in the midst of True Blood's run, though ironically their characters' relationship became increasingly strained in later seasons.
8365	The two men stood beside their respective national flags for a photo-op that would have looked presidential had Bolsonaro not been a disgraced ex-president under police investigation for his alleged attempt to subvert Brazil's 2022 election result.
8366	The two models, released so close together and built upon the same frame, were pretty similar.
8367	The UK could recognise Palestine as an independent state even if the United States or Israel does not, Sir Keir Starmer has said.
8368	The UKHSA has issued cold weather alerts for EIGHT groups of people - The UK Health and Security Agency has issued five yellow cold health alerts, including in West Midlands, for a variety of vulnerable people.
8369	The UK needs to uphold international law, accountability, and ensure justice with immediate effect by complying with these arrest warrants.”
8370	"The UK significantly lags behind the United States in exit planning among SME owners," says Chris St Cartmail, Senior Advisor at Celestus.
8371	The UNC offense has 275 yards.
8372	The unidentified female carried the baby in a green reusable shopping bag as they walked down the sidewalk.
8373	The union has secured a pay deal which will be backdated from January 1, 2024.
8374	The unions say they will be working to have an audit done at the Ministry of Health and Wellness and the Lands Department.
8375	The United Kingdom contributed aircraft.
8376	The United Nations agency for refugees (Unrwa) said it received reports of mass ill treatment of Palestinians taken captive from Gaza by forces, including detainees being urinated on and made to act like animals, and children being attacked by dogs.
8377	The United Nations (UN) nuclear chief Rafael Grossi visited two of Iran’s key nuclear sites on Friday as Iran signaled readiness to restart negotiations over its disputed program in an effort to ease sanctions.
8378	The United Nations Work and Refugee Agency (UNRWA) mourned the death of a student at one of its schools in a statement, a copy of which was sent to MEMO.
8379	The United States has assessed that the drone that killed the three soldiers and wounded more than 40 other people in Jordan was made by Iran, U.S. officials have told Reuters.
8380	The university was also the fourth highest-rank university across Europe.
8381	The unsettled weather is set to continue through out Easter weekend with showers expected across much of the county, and thunderstorms expected in coastal areas around mid morning on Good Friday.
8382	The US 10Yr Treasury yield (3.74 per cent) has risen well from around 3.6 per cent last week.
8383	The U.S. Border Patrol has agreed in a legal settlement announced Friday, May 19, 2023, to not set up interior checkpoints in a northern New Hampshire town just under 100 miles from the Canadian border before Jan.
8384	The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found 44% of the 3,761 total abortions in Iowa in 2021 occurred at or before six weeks.
8385	"The use by the enemy of such weapons is not able to change the course of the military actions in the zone of the special military operation," Putin said.
8386	The US economy, meanwhile, has remained surprisingly resilient as the Federal Reserve has hiked interest rates to a 22-year high in hopes of spurring an economic slowdown that would tamp down inflation to central bankers’ 2% goal.
8387	The user also wrote, "Omg, Whoopi is so out of touch.
8388	The US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has introduced a new "click to cancel" rule that will simplify subscription cancellations, requiring businesses to make sign-ups and cancellations equally easy.
8389	The US has provided Israel with support to defend against attacks brought in the wake of its retaliatory campaign against Hamas.
8390	The US has said that Ukraine does not need permission to attack targets deep inside Russia using their own domestically made weapons.
8391	The U.S. historically operated a worldwide tax system with foreign tax credits where all income earned by U.S. companies was taxable at the U.S. rate if the foreign tax rate is lower.
8392	The U.S. Justice Department has widened its indictment of Russians in the so-called WhisperGate malware attacks aimed at destroying computer systems in Ukraine and 26 NATO allies including the United States.
8393	The UST Singers is the first Filipino and Asian ensemble to win the top prize in the competition’s tenth edition.
8394	The values instilled in students today will shape the worlds of business, science, culture, and public life tomorrow.
8395	The valves, which operate like giant gates, are being used at four of the 21 locations that make up the system.
8396	The van-like Space-Hub, meanwhile, seems a bit less dystopic and more family-focused at first blush.
8397	The VBA chief, a prominent OBC leader, said the issue of reservation should remain at the political level and not social.
8398	The veins are surrounded by widespread, locally mineralized quartz-sericite-pyrite alteration of the host felsic volcanic sequence recognized from earlier shallow drilling.
8399	The versatility of e-drones in precision agriculture has led to several innovative applications that are transforming irrigation practices, especially in drought-prone areas.
8400	The vice president expressed the hope that the discussions may give rise to new scientific work that will help athletes to achieve high results.
8401	The Vice President made this official at the NUJ house in Makurdi, the Benue state capital when the state Caretaker Chairman of the NUJ, Benue State Council, Comrade Vincent Nyiyongo presented him with the form on behalf of the state council.
8402	The victim is now fighting for her life in hospital.
8403	The video has sparked major debate among the fans.
8404	The videos were of him and the girl having sex and recorded while they were dating.
8405	The view of the Caribbean Sea from Jungle Bay Resort in Soufriere, Dominica.
8406	The violinist is Ashley Offret of Salem, the cellist is David Cabral of Lynn, and the pianist is Beverly Soll of Rockport.
8407	The viral doctor added: "This combination will keep you full and satiated while promoting fat."
8408	The VIX represents market sentiment, in other words, concerns and fears about risk and uncertainty amid political events and changes.
8409	The WA Environmental Protection Authority, which told Woodside in February its preliminary view was that Browse was unacceptable, plans to release its final report in 2025.
8410	The Wagga Rockettes are just some of the performers who will be performing at Carols By Candlelight as it returns to Wagga in 2024.
8411	The walk is a symbol of hope and we here in the Oak Healthy Living Centre believe that there is hope that people going through a difficult time can get through it with.”
8412	The Warriors bounced back after losing 140-88 in Boston on Sunday with Curry going 2 of 13 and 0 for 9 on 3-pointers.
8413	The watchdog says that it will now probe the matter further with X to see whether it complies with EU privacy law.
8414	The webinar is open to families in the Districts of Muskoka, Nipissing, Parry Sound and Simcoe.
8415	The wedding of ten members of the local Brazilian community was described by parish priest Fr Stephen Farragher as a “blessed and historic day in Ballyhaunis parish”.
8416	The welcome area is part of Phase 2 of Project Tullie, the museum’s major capital development programme.
8417	The well-thought-out CCTV project to help in crime-fighting in Abuja is left in the cooler after gulping $460 million.
8418	The Welsh Labour conference will continue in Llandudno on Sunday.
8419	The Welsh professional dancer, 33, was too ill to compete in the most recent series of the BBC competition after she was diagnosed with stage three May and underwent a mastectomy.
8420	The Western Pennsylvania Genealogical Society (WPGS) celebrated its 50th anniversary by announcing a significant achievement in historical research and genealogy.
8421	The wetter snow washes these elements out of the atmosphere, depositing them on fields, yards and gardens.
8422	The White House expressed disappointment over the cancellation.
8423	The White House National Security Council said it was speaking with Israeli and Lebanese counterparts and working on a diplomatic solution to ''end all attacks once and for all'' in the border area between Israel and Lebanon.
8424	The White House’s new favorite talking point has been debunked by the facts.
8425	The White House was even less eager to get to the truth of what happened.
8426	The whole idea was for Steve-O (born Stephen Gilchrist Glover), 50, to make himself look like a woman and then trick groups of men on the street.
8427	The Williams brothers tried to cowardly claim they rushed to the scene because they were told Mr Toohey had threatened the 14-year-old look out with a knife.
8428	The willingness of top Republicans around the country to parrot Trump’s talking points is egregious but sadly not surprising.
8429	The Windies Women will benefit from an updated performance assessment structure, now aligned to those used for International and Regional Men.
8430	The winnings total $3.1 million for the race, the Derby said in a news release.
8431	The Wolves recorded 12 top three finishes on the day with two first place finishes.
8432	The woman also said that she blamed herself for the attack.
8433	The woman herself is wearing a black polo-neck and black glasses, her red hair poker-straight.
8434	The woman suffered a broken hip and elbow in the collision.
8435	The woman was found at the Hotel Realm about 1.15pm.
8436	The woman, who is wheelchair-bound, told officials with The Louisiana Governor's Office of Adult Protective Services that her husband neglected to get her medical care and had physically abused her and knocked out some of her teeth.
8437	The Wooler Wheel Classic, which sees people cycling distances of either 100km or 60km, returns for the first time since 2019 on Saturday, May 11, with both routes starting and finishing at Wooler Mart.
8438	“The word ‘corruption’ may not even arise in the conversation to reinforce positive values and sensitize young people about what is right and wrong.
8439	The wording of the questions is confidential, but Stone referred jurors to specific sections of the jury instructions that included the definitions of self-defense and voluntary manslaughter.
8440	The words came out hard, hard enough for both Theo and Roger to look at Jane funny.
8441	The words seem harmless but they have a psychological impact.
8442	The workbook leads you through questions about the proposed policy directions in the draft OCP, and youâ€™re encouraged to host a discussion with your friends and family and submit the group workbook together.
8443	The work came out of AI4BHARAT, and now they are ready to translate text to text in any Indian language.
8444	“The works sort of disappear, they’re a bit camouflaged… one of my big themes is that everyone is connected and everything is connected,” he explains.
8445	The world champion will back on track in Red Bull's RB19 in the morning.
8446	The world is not saying, ‘You know what?
8447	The world’s second-biggest economy has struggled this year, mainly due to a property crisis and tepid domestic demand.
8448	The world will be watching the level of escalation.
8449	The would-be buyers said the authority stopped communicating with them Oct. 9 and had been secretly negotiating with the county.
8450	The writer refers to Trump’s “hoarding of top-secret documents.”
8451	The wrong engines arrived in March 2020, during the election fiasco.
8452	"The WSL is a standout league because of the international players that are in there.
8453	They added: “It is a substantial Grade II-listed former place of worship, situated overlooking the popular village of Glyn Ceiriog.
8454	They added: “Payment machines in Wiltshire Council-run car parks will be upgraded this summer as part of a £380,000 investment programme.
8455	They added: “Through the motion, your town council is taking a proactive stance in influencing decision-makers to prioritise traffic calming measures, aiming to address speeding concerns that compromise safety.
8456	They added two more in the sixth frame.
8457	They allegedly aided individuals acting on behalf of Russian authorities in activities aimed against the Republic of Estonia's independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity, without resorting to violence.
8458	They all hit a superkick on the guy to their right and all four were down at 19:30.
8459	They also caused an estimated half a million euros worth of collateral damage, according to a report by Germany’s Federal Criminal Police Office, BKA.
8460	They also frequently face inequities such as discrimination and poverty, even within the health care system.
8461	They also make sandwiches, milkshakes and coffee but donuts remain the staple.
8462	They also point out that Harris is holding much bigger rallies with celebrities such as and claim the crowds are much more energized than Trump’s.
8463	They also really translate the scientific results into practical actions," says Rambonnet.
8464	They also talk what the changes to the wrestling landscape may mean for wrestling media.
8465	They always expressed the importance of family and being Italian, and in this spin-off, Teresa could showcase what she had learned from them, and pass it on to and stepchildren.
8466	They are also determined to raise thousands of pounds in tribute of stalwart member Colin Tomkinson, who died from prostate cancer, which is likely to affect one in eight men at some point in their lifetime.
8467	They are also expected to feature next-gen neural processing unit (NPU).
8468	They are available from 07745280158, via the Encore Singers Facebook page or on the door.
8469	They are competing in Pool D and will face mostly Negros-based teams: Team Bago, Down the Line, Puntataytay, MRT 6108, and Sidlak Victorias.
8470	They are currently top of the Turkish Super Lig, six points clear of second-placed Fenerbahce.
8471	They are draw specialists and, had City seen off Feyenoord, a draw would have been a reasonable result for them in Italy.
8472	They are expected to be closely watching for follow-through on Beijing’s wide-ranging promises in the coming years, with analysts saying fulfillment of past commitments have been difficult to track.
8473	They are implementing the agenda of anti-national forces," he said.
8474	They are in semi-hibernation and have fasted for months, waiting for Hudson Bay, the largest watershed in Canada, to freeze over so that they can hunt for their main prey: young seals and beluga whales.
8475	“They are in the process of evaluating the availability of fans in classrooms across all schools in Victorias City,” Benitez said.
8476	They are particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have mobile or CCTV footage of the incident."
8477	They are Pinguini Tattici Nucleari, the Italian pop rock band formed in the province of Bergamo almost 15 years ago.
8478	They are showing large-format fibre installations that deal with the intricacies of life and the knowledge systems of the Maori in the Arsenale venue.
8479	They are used in the manufacturing of electrical parts and circuit boards as well as in the making of insulation covering for these parts.
8480	They are usually located in a secluded spot off High Street East near Father Christmas, which Paula believes adds to the magic of the night.
8481	They argued that this would financially cripple the local governments, making them dependent on the state.
8482	“They ask for leniency, but do they really understand, accept that they have damaged society and a lot of damage to our country and society?” she asked.
8483	They attribute the decreased mental wellbeing scores in wealthy nations to various factors, such as excessive mobile phone usage, increased consumption of fast food, weakening friendships and family bonds, and the surge in remote work.
8484	They began to walk on the street, temporarily blocking traffic in both directions.
8485	They build full-fledged kitchens and took orders while workers resided on the premises.”
8486	“They built an organization from scratch.
8487	They can also keep their work computers.
8488	They can be used with or without a lunch box bc there is a carry handle.
8489	They can easily hold two black bag fulls and you can put it out alongside your black bin.
8490	“They can either choose an opt-in or opt-out model or seek compensation for their time in administering the government scheme,” the Tasmanian senator said.
8491	They can make predictions that are coherent but they cannot capture the sort of extremes that we’re now beginning to observe.”
8492	They cannot be near MRT stations or other heavy industries due to mini vibrations that could affect production.
8493	“ They can play a key role in gathering intelligence, mobilizing the citizens on security and development issues, as well as nipping potential crisis in the bud.
8494	They care about the human being and the hockey player here.
8495	They clearly need more A-list endorsements, however."
8496	They combined practices and expanded facilities to create what is now known as Oak Street Medical Clinic and Oregon Allergy Associates.
8497	They continued: “It cannot be underestimated the positive effect Hilton Family Support are having on the families in the Hilton District of Inverness.
8498	“They could decide tomorrow to stop issuing grants, and not just the companies involved in supplying arms and military equipment.
8499	They could just stand silently and the job would be done.”
8500	They could urge, for example, that “the international community… increase punitive measures, including sanctions, against RSF and SAF leadership and key members of the SAF’s governing coalition, including businesses and hardline religious groups.”
8501	They demanded that the resolution be withdrawn and chanted slogans “Bharat Mata Ki Jai,” “Pakistani agenda nahie chalega,” and “separatist agenda nahi chalega.”
8502	They didn't need to stop again and it set up a grandstand finish in the final stages and raised hopes of a famous Ferrari win a Monza.
8503	They do not play confrontational politics as the case has always been in Pakistan.
8504	They don’t listen to loud music and podcasts through earbuds.
8505	“They'd say ‘Cut!’ and he would roam behind the grill, and he goes ‘You have anything to eat?
8506	“They’d tramp up through the village for 8pm, when it started, and in them days, we could only open until 11pm.
8507	“The year before last I did a long walk and the year before that I did Ramsgate in Kent to Ranish, but I had to stop on the West Highland Way cause I had a stress fracture.
8508	They elect terrorists with outside agendas ( the squad).
8509	They end up abusing their life."
8510	They enjoyed gardening and walks with her faithful dog Bandit.
8511	They frequently convert them to movie sci-fi guns.
8512	They gave us all the information — and hope — we needed.
8513	They guided him through face-to-face engagements, reviewing plans for him and setting achievable targets.
8514	They had an arranged marriage.
8515	They had five personal foul penalties.
8516	They had just one practice to prepare for the Redblacks.
8517	They hate each other and he’s desperate to move out but has to stick around for the sake of the elderly dog they share.
8518	They have all washed their hands off GuySuCo.
8519	They have been absolutely available and have been right there supporting Shannon and Suraya through all of this, and playing with the children and keeping the home.'
8520	They have been happy with their depth in the frontcourt with the play of Luke Kornet and emergence of two-way center Neemias Queta, who could be a candidate to have his contract converted to a standard one.
8521	They have been working on it.
8522	They have enlisted the help of club member Ross Darroch, who plays in Russia for the city of Taganrog’s sevens side.
8523	They have settled in and feel they can control at least a part of Center.
8524	They have started the process to do this.
8525	They have to go through intermediaries, they sell things at a discount.
8526	They held a grandiose wedding ceremony in East Sussex, attended by celebrities and motorcyclists.
8527	They held Orlando scoreless on its first six possessions of the night.
8528	They hope to soon see an Amelia Earhart statue erected in Derry, funding permitting.
8529	“They just keep chewing through the electrics.
8530	They – just like you - will spend most of the day on this 3-mile stretch of sand – perhaps leaving briefly to grab a coffee in town before returning for lunch and a bottle of Whispering Angel on the sun deck at the or even an afternoon horseback ride.
8531	They knew that Russia would want her back, but they underestimated the lengths in which Russia would go to get her back.
8532	They learn about the dressing room, the training ground and how professional players approach things.
8533	They lend money to owners of commercial properties, including office buildings and warehouses.
8534	They’ll be a much better team if they can finish in the 15-20 range.
8535	They locked up and Fyre took Naomi down by the hair.
8536	'They look cute but they won't last a day in the washing machine, they will probably rip out,' a second pointed out.
8537	They love their footy so much over there, getting around them, and that’s where my mum’s family is from, so it was good to see where they’re from.”
8538	They love you and forgive you.
8539	They made up one of the largest groups of migrant workers in the Jewish state.
8540	They married in late 1945 and their son Gary was born in 1961.
8541	They match the aspiring singer with a professional to give them a once in a lifetime opportunity.
8542	They mature at 7 years of age, but they have a low gestation period of only 6 months.
8543	They may have ditched the ‘never knowingly undersold’ slogan, but you can still rely on for quality and fair pricing.
8544	They must leverage digital opportunities, such as artificial intelligence (AI), social media and analytics while preserving the core aspects of traditional marketing.
8545	They only live round the corner and everyone is shocked.
8546	They quickly loaded the bases with nobody out, then Cole Bales scored on a fielder’s choice to give them a 9-8 lead.
8547	They're a great contraceptive option for a lot of people.
8548	“They’re beginning to play in Brad Scott’s mould, the type of player he was.
8549	They received oxygen treatment from pet masks carried on all Columbus Fire Department vehicles and after recovering were returned to their owners.
8550	They recently completed research on fiber optic cables and growing plants aboard the ISS, NASA said.
8551	They’re getting more access.
8552	They're not seeing the same kind of agricultural damage that they used to," she said.
8553	They reveal a major difference between governments that apologize and vow not to repeat past mistakes and regimes that refuse to apologize and repeat the horrors of their past with no remorse.
8554	“They ring and say they are OK and the army are taking precautions.
8555	They said: "He had so many positive attributes, cheeky, adventurous, intelligent, practical, resourceful, independent, determined, a great sense of humour, and friendly just to name but a few.
8556	They saved their two biggest songs for last: “Time Bomb” and “Ruby Soho.”
8557	“They saw the consequences when people in North Kashmir responded by voting on the issue of plebiscite.
8558	They say in just a few clicks, they could send the footage to every one of John’s contacts.
8559	They scattered everything and went away with them.”
8560	They search for the perfect sheltered spot containing a structure on which they can form a chrysalis.
8561	They secured their Championship status last weekend by beating Bolton Wanderers in the League One play-off final.
8562	They set an “underperform” rating and a $52.00 price objective for the company.
8563	“They should have contacted the NCAA for them to look at the books, which we have been doing, so we would have given them facts.
8564	They should have shot and written the show as advertised, a show about the sith and not this everything is a point of view even right or wrong crap.
8565	They should not be catering to a specific group of individuals who want to normalize the sexualization of minors.
8566	They should try.
8567	“They suggest eliminating loopholes in wealth and income tax,” the report notes.
8568	They teach at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
8569	They then use what they find to prepare paperwork to assist with court cases.
8570	They thought that they will carry propaganda that we did not do anything in Rivers, but what they are seeing in Abuja has shut their mouth up”.
8571	They took the lead on 17 minutes through Portuguese winger, Otavio, who headed home from close range for his second goal in as many games.
8572	They understand how damaging social isolation is."
8573	They’ve already given away a free skin for a fan-favorite hero at launch, and players are already taking advantage of to refer friends and earn in-game currency.
8574	They’ve done it before, such as in 2016 when they let Sean Davis play there.
8575	"They’ve submitted that with a bit of back and forth in November.
8576	They wanted to ensure there is money available to address the long-term impacts of Oct. 7 and the war on Israel’s economy and psyche.
8577	“They wanted to get rid of me, and by that point I was happy to go,” she said.
8578	‘They want to give you the inference that what he was doing was buying drugs at the 7-Eleven, rather than buying a cup of coffee waiting for Hallie,’ Lowell said, adding that believing it was to meet a dealer was ‘suspicion or conjecture’, not fact.
8579	They went onto explain that a 27-year-old man and a 26-year-old man from Southampton had been arrested 'on suspicion of going on to the pitch during the match'.
8580	They were almost hit with a sucker punch with four to go when Townsend failed to claim a cross from the left but Tom Lonergan couldn’t produce a finish at the far post.
8581	They were appearing before Birmingham magistrates today.
8582	They were Back to the Future.
8583	They were endorsed by both Gov. and a coalition of labor unions.
8584	They were “flying high,” Julianna said, after learning the Minnesota Court of Appeals sided with them in a legal dispute involving their 6-year-old daughter’s sperm donor, who brought paternity action against the married lesbian couple last year.
8585	They were horny for confrontation, and if that meant getting in the faces of some of the cops, they'd do it.
8586	They were introduced as a way to ensure “more robust security checks” which are carried out before people to the UK to help prevent “abuse” of the country’s immigration system.
8587	They were later sentenced to life in prison with minimum terms exceeding 40 years each.
8588	They were reaching roadblocks creatively.
8589	They were really torturing him with hunger.
8590	They will be ready to beat us."
8591	They will only force patients to wait longer, seek care elsewhere, or in some cases, not get the care they need at all.
8592	They will see higher Central Provident Fund (CPF) contributions to support their housing and retirement adequacy, work injury compensation and representation in union-like associations.
8593	Things such as having a savings goal, or setting up a designated savings account.
8594	Think about those old B-movies from the classic movie theaters (or stuff you might find playing on the Syfy channel today).
8595	Third is systems—the policies, protocols, and procedures that link the workforce and infrastructure together to deliver quality, sustainable, and resilient health care.
8596	Third place, 6:30 p.m.
8597	Third, taking into account steps one and two, there is a path for shares to quickly re-hit their past high-water mark, and then some.
8598	Thirteen years ago on April 2, Team India won the World Cup 2011 against Sri Lanka.
8599	This 2005-Era 'Doctor Who' Episode Helped Kate Herron Set the Emotional Tone for "Rogue"
8600	This 2023 home was featured in the Parade of Homes last year and it is beautiful.
8601	“This absolutely wouldn’t have been possible without everyone’s support,” Gai said on her GoFundMe page.
8602	This adds a note of melancholy to the war over territory that is part of the film’s plot.
8603	This adoption is driving jobs, both in a European context as well as globally.
8604	This affordable sparkling wine is sold exclusively at Wal-Mart.
8605	“This agreement is a pivotal moment in our collaboration, which continues to expand hospitality and entertainment offerings for guests."
8606	This agreement is towards implementing India-Oman Joint Vision Document entitled ‘A Partnership for the Future’, adopted during the visit of Head of State of the Sultanate of Oman Sultan Haitham Bin Tarik in December last year.
8607	This allows for facilitating communication with museum communities in those nations.
8608	This almost seems similar to the collaboration in the cryptocurrency space, which has been proven to drive scalability and adoption.
8609	This and several other anecdotes have been told before.
8610	This approach, according to the group, would ensure sustainable usage of the confiscated items while protecting the environment.
8611	This article aims to examine why the decision by the Chilima family to refrain from seizing control of UTM may be one of the key factors that ensures the party’s strength, growth, and legitimacy in the coming years.
8612	This article is the third in Global News’ Spring Housing Buzz series, where we will investigate a number of different areas related to the spring real estate market in Ontario.
8613	This aspect can be frustrating for those who invest time in a survey only to be disqualified partway through.
8614	This balance is precarious, underscoring the need for solutions that ensure security without compromising human dignity, mirroring the global call to action that arose from the Holocaust’s horrors.
8615	This became worse between 2012 and 2019 (i.e. until the pre-covid year) when average economic growth was 6.7%, but job growth was just 0.1%.
8616	This biographical drama is one of the most impressive modern-era films of its genre, even though takes some liberties concerning historical accuracy.
8617	This blog will explore why artists should consider using AI image generators for their album covers.
8618	This call for help triggered the two-day search that pinpointed Andrew's belongings.
8619	This can be done only by creating space for marginalized individuals to participate in shaping a more inclusive narrative.
8620	This can be very messy and costly.
8621	This can redeem Thor, Zues, and all of the Eternals in an epic saga that is consistent with the comics.
8622	“This case is a reminder of the importance of working together across borders to keep our communities safe and assist those in need.”
8623	This causes a person to become sleepier during the day; increased sleep is a symptom of SAD.
8624	This Christmas, Brenda has opted to do something for herself — rescue 12 dogs by driving them across the country.
8625	This collaboration between PariPesa and Martins promises to bring an array of exciting activities and events for fans, particularly across Nigeria and Africa.
8626	This combines a 12.3-inch touchscreen navigation screen and a 12.3-inch driver display screen, sandwiching a 5.3-inch segment display for climate control.
8627	This community-driven strategy is seen as a vital step toward universal healthcare in Katsina, ensuring that preventable diseases no longer threaten the lives of children.
8628	This complex and other facilities throughout the farm have no problems with feed whatsoever.
8629	This comprehensive approach and VinFast's expanding presence in key Asian markets position the company as a driver in the region's inevitable electric future.
8630	This connection is rarer in this digital age.
8631	This contract provides for advisory and assistance services for scientific, technical, organizational development, strategic planning, engineering, and research and development.
8632	This control began with the 118 Congress in January 2023 and will last until January 2025.
8633	This convertible came with a Club Racer (CR) option with wider wheels for greater tire contact patch, making for better traction, and it was lighter than the base model.
8634	This cougar was shot by Victoria police in a residential area of the city on Nov. 21, 2023.
8635	This could be a nervy 40 minutes for France, who have not lost to Italy in 11 years.
8636	This could be due to a fast developing situation where you are caught away from home when the disaster strikes, or it could result from a storm that has caused widespread power outages, broken windows in your home, or taken off a portion of your roof.
8637	This creates a boat, or vessel, into which she packs mini marshmallows, strawberry slices, and dark chocolate chips, all loosely wrapped in tinfoil.
8638	This creates a curved "cosmic lens," bending and distorting light, while also magnifying and brightening the light.
8639	This currently pays just £169.50 a week, which adds up to £8,814 a year.
8640	This decision reflects the hard work and determination of staff at Bulwell Academy and this is an important landmark for the school as we focus on a new era of education.
8641	This decree was received its approval from the Congregation of the Council on 31 May 1631 and the parish priest was assigned the title of Archpriest.
8642	This deep emotional and intellectual attachment came naturally to the son of Simon Badinter who, in 1919, fled the antisemitic violence of his native Bessarabia (present-day Moldova) for France.
8643	This delivery has been highly anticipated since the ship set off from the port of Larnaca on Tuesday.
8644	This demonstrates the commitment our officers have in addressing ASB and sends a clear message that this behaviour will not be tolerated."
8645	This dissonance between presentation and reality underscores pretty much all of Kelli's videos.
8646	This disturbing news has brought many people to tears.
8647	This Election Day is one of the most consequential in the history of our country.
8648	This ensures stable tree cover on the landscape and constant uptake of carbon dioxide over time.
8649	“This event embodies the spirit of unity and collaboration that our community stands for.
8650	This event, in person and online, is our way of giving over 1500 artists access to a market for their work.”
8651	This extension to SMS allowed users to send images, audio clips, and even up to 40 seconds of video — albeit in abysmally low resolutions by today’s standards.
8652	This facility operates with neutrons ranging from eV to 300 MeV, offering a broad spectrum for detailed analysis.
8653	This factor contributed to the major improvement necessary rating that was given to the establishment.
8654	This fantastic essay details how a writer ditched his phone and went hiking across 150 miles of Switzerland, relying only on the hand-drawn maps of locals – which are included in the article – and serendipity.
8655	This feel-good documentary will have you smiling from ear-to-ear, and wanting to get up on your feet, too.
8656	This festive period culminates with Midnight Mass on December 24 and the family service at 10.15 am on Christmas Day.
8657	"This found heat networks to be a viable solution.
8658	This fourth phase began at around 3:15 p.m. on Wednesday afternoon, when a new fissure vent opened just west of Nāpau Crater, sending cascades of lava pouring over the western cliffs and rapidly covering the crater floor.
8659	This game is a nostalgic little point-and-click adventure with a cool art style.
8660	This game’s over/under is 0.1 less than the 6.1 goals these two teams concede per game combined.
8661	This group, for a multitude of reasons, is not worthy of March.
8662	This has become a sensation since it launched earlier this month, with a whopping 20 million downloads within its first week.
8663	This has been a complex investigation; the result of dedicated police officers and staff working tirelessly to achieve a positive outcome.
8664	This has been introduced as an affordable offering for universities to bring AI to campus responsibly.
8665	This has created immense hardships for the majority of people.
8666	This heartfelt moment came just days after Timberlake's arrest on June 18 in Sag Harbor, New York.
8667	“This horror must stop,” UN chief Antonio Guterres said on Saturday, when he detailed that 135 workers of the UN agency for Palestinians had died in the war, the world body’s highest toll in any conflict.
8668	“This”, however, is of course up for debate as well.
8669	"This idea that he cannot get a short-term loan is absolutely ridiculous," Davis Gates said.
8670	This image provided by the U.S. Justice Department and contained in the affidavit in support of a criminal complaint, shows Manuel Rocha during a meeting with a FBI undercover employee.
8671	This incident seems to reflect a pattern.
8672	This included security video shown at trial showing Read clipping O'Keefe's vehicle as she backed out of her home to search for him.
8673	This includes reporting business records and alongside your earnings.
8674	This index is a custom index used only for BND.
8675	This initiative, he said, would restore confidence in the naira and provide Nigerians, within and outside the country, the option to save in dollars.
8676	This initiative yielded “remarkable results”, showing a significant reduction of 46 per cent in illegal dumping of debris, the statement said.
8677	This injury might prevent him from pitching for ODU this season.
8678	This is about America's working families.
8679	This is a breakdown of recent ratings and price targets for Autoscope Technologies and Hexagon AB (publ), as provided by MarketBeat.com.
8680	This is a brilliant goal from Emery's side.
8681	This is a film where the central scene revolves around a poker game — and a pretty damn entertaining one at that.
8682	“This is alongside landing ship RFA Cardigan Bay and HMS Duncan already being in the eastern Mediterranean to support allies with humanitarian requirements, with the Royal Air Force also putting transport helicopters on standby.”
8683	This is an AI-generated image created using Microsoft Copilot and Designer, for illustration purposes only.
8684	This is an awful place," he wrote in his diary.
8685	"This is an individual who took on the responsibility of a step-parent without prior parenting experience — who, in a very narrow band of time, committed a very tragic act."
8686	This is another common question we've found from renters worried about car vandalism and other problems.
8687	This is another example of the Eagles’ cornerbacks being too far off.
8688	This is a proper holiday hybrid.
8689	“This is a scary mission in some ways,” Lockwood told them.
8690	This is a shame, since it would have been intriguing to see how the character would cope with this combination of independence and isolation.
8691	This is a strong indicator for potential resource growth and upgrade in these areas of the deposit.
8692	“This is a surfer’s dream,” Sawyer said.
8693	This is a time when we elevate the strong historical roots of Head Start along with the current impact,” said Alyssa Chatterjee, DELC Director.
8694	This is a time when we need to be there for each other and to provide reassurance for our students, as it is impossible to make sense of what occurred.
8695	This is a touchy situation for Meyer because the town's entire budget is only $8.7 million.
8696	This is a very necessary radicalism.
8697	This is beautiful!
8698	This is because there is still an ongoing police investigation against them after they were for exposing a security weakness in the student application FreeHour.
8699	“This is because while the government on its own part is trying to push out CNG at lower cost, conversion of waste to energy will also be an option, especially for public transport in Lagos.”
8700	This is coming in the wake of the death of a student who was said to have been beaten to death by some of his colleagues.
8701	“This is exactly what these guys want to do and that is to test themselves at Torrey Pines.
8702	This is good news for investors after 2023 saw the transaction costs skyrocketing.
8703	This is in addition to the 17 vehicles and 15 wooden boats carrying stolen crude oil that were seized in communities across Delta, Bayelsa, Rivers, and Akwa Ibom States with arrest of 16 suspects in connection with the incidents.”
8704	“This is just a person talking.”
8705	“This is just the beginning and I am looking forward to working with the taskforce to help start-ups in the North West turn into venture scale businesses.”
8706	This is just the latest of many, many reported sightings that have been reported to me here in New Jersey.
8707	This is largely due to the national religious party that was once represented by the National Religious Party (“Mafdal”) having abandoned its role as bridging the gap between religious and secular.
8708	This is less than a part-time position with no benefits.
8709	This is mainly thanks to the deals she signed with Goldman Sachs, Beats by Dre, Reebok and many more.
8710	This is most evident from Doris Von Erich (Maura Tierney), the matriarch of the family.
8711	"This is much more expensive, particularly over the winter months."
8712	This isnâ€™t a flash in the pan.
8713	This is not an isolated incident—Hindu temples in both the US and Canada have experienced a surge in hate-fueled vandalism in recent months.
8714	“This is not a position I seek lightly,” the congresswoman wrote in the letter.
8715	This isn't a warning or an instruction, but simply a quick greeting from a fellow biker as you flash past each other.
8716	This isn't the first time that Rosoboronexport has sought to court foreign buyers for the Su-57.
8717	This is, of course, insane and ground that the Republic thoroughly covered over Nixon.
8718	This is our Haus.”
8719	This is serious breach of the Parliament’s security.
8720	“This is simply because the hot water can destroy practically every plant, no matter how tough and meaty its leaves are.
8721	This issue is an issue of culture, and this news cycle will not die soon and will have larger implications.
8722	This issue is not only Italian.
8723	This is the fifth edition of the event and the third time it is being taken to the streets of town as in the years of 2020 and 2021 the event took place online due to the pandemic.
8724	This is the home of so many comedians, so I don’t think we take ourselves super seriously.
8725	This is the pace we are comfortable with, when it comes to new deals.
8726	This is the root of the idea that the strip doesn't have "recurring characters."
8727	“This is the same disposition that today strengthens our citizens and enlivens their spirit and hope against the menace of terrorism, insecurity, economic hardship and worsening effects of climate change,” he said.
8728	This is the second time this season Gobert has been fined for that exact gesture, with Scott Foster being his target both times.
8729	"This is the seventh throw I have purchased.
8730	This is the story of Glasgow's old prison system and why Barlinnie was built.
8731	• This is the story of the IMMORTAL THOR.
8732	This is the third postponement granted to Devine since his March indictment.
8733	This is the type of AI model that makes possible.
8734	This is when he drags Wolverine, played by Hugh Jackman, into his timeline in a bid to save the day.
8735	“This is why they call us SAI MASU GIDA —because of YOU!
8736	This item focuses on AI and its impact on our school district.”
8737	This jacket has large underarm vents to cool off, a helmet-compatible hood and a noteworthy amount of pockets (including a dedicated pass pocket) that both testers praised.
8738	“This job position and this job title was very much earned, so I feel blessed to be afforded the opportunity, but also to be able to keep the opportunity,” Fa’Dorah said.
8739	"This lag phase may have played a role," Mesgaran said.
8740	This lecture was hosted by guest speaker and SCAD Illustration Professor Julie Lieberman who spoke on the pioneering women who shaped American art and illustration for generations to come.
8741	This led to a one-year extension of the Best Before End (BBE) date, extending it to December 2024.
8742	This led to the arrest of one Abubakar Aliyu, popularly known as Smallie, and who was on a mission to spy on the actual location of the expatriates.
8743	This led to VDM making some side comments about the rapper’s family and they decided to take legal action against him.
8744	This list includes the usual fruit pokies and innovative video slots of the last few days.
8745	This lot beat my other half’s favourite team, the San Francisco 49ers at this year’s Super Bowl.
8746	This made sense because meat is more expensive to produce and purchase than plant-based foods.
8747	'This Marks and Spencer eye cream is the best for anti-ageing I've used in 10 years'
8748	This match between Brighton and Hove Albion vs. Manchester United is the first match of the second week, of the 2024-25 season.
8749	This means: Hospitality businesses must close at 12:30 p.m. Night silence in outdoor areas should be observed from 11 pm onwards.
8750	This means plastic waste can be tackled in a way that's easier to manage at a large scale.
8751	This means stable, sane, and principled individuals who do not capitulate before pressure tactics, faux emergencies, and epithets.
8752	This means that Peseiro must be spot on in his team selection as he cannot afford to put players cannot accurate passes to teammates but kept making incomplete passes and many times to opponents.
8753	This means these candidates are free to join up with whichever party they want to and in case of a hung Assembly, there is every likelihood that they could end up supporting the BJP, claims Irfa Jan.
8754	"This means we will be able to update our own Community Strategic Plan while also contributing to a regional plan with our neighbouring shires on common matters."
8755	This meant Patricia remained bedbound, with only absorbent pads to relieve herself.
8756	This money could have been used to develop our digital infrastructure and invest in green energy initiatives that would create jobs and help combat climate change.
8757	This money has totally transformed the space.
8758	This Morning chef Clodagh McKenna has been cooking for more than 20 years and says the most common error is peeling and washing the fungi before eating them, which she says is ‘completely unnecessary’.
8759	"This morning's march was also choc-a-bloc.
8760	This multiplier is very high for oil and gas, with three to four jobs in the supply chain being generated for every job in the sector.
8761	This neglect, according to Thakur, is widespread throughout the city, with corrupt practices prevailing in the municipality.
8762	This new ballpark would move the Sox from their longtime Bridgeport home to a more than 60-acre plot of land in Chicago's newest neighborhood known as "The 78."
8763	This new deal arrives ahead of Tay-Tay's three consecutive dates at Wembley Stadium, from June 21, 2024, to June 23, 2024.
8764	This new Dell intelligent headsets lineup was built from the ground up with the latest AI-driven technology.
8765	This new era in Parliament is sure to begin with a few rounds of political retribution.
8766	“This new forum offers all of these things and, under Sharon’s guidance, I have no doubt that the initiative will go from strength to strength.”
8767	This now means he has to start the whole process again, but because he's relapsed with in six months he's gone from low-risk to high-risk."
8768	This occurred in order to increase the amount of cloud infrastructure and services that are available in Singapore.
8769	This occurs when a governing body imposes a condition on obtaining approval of a government permit that requires the property owner to give the government private property (typically land or payment of a fee) in exchange for the permit.
8770	This one has dug his grave and he should not cry when Zambian come to bury him.
8771	This one is an album that really takes stock of all the band has done over a 40-plus years.
8772	This one is probably more common than some of the others on the list, but in a world where we try to simplify everything, all-purpose flour is pretty much the norm for everyone these days.
8773	This opportunity allows for pictures and questions of the experts on hand.
8774	This particular Colt Walker was issued to Pvt.
8775	This pastor said his career as a gay adult film star earned him over $1 million but ruined his life.
8776	“This pillow is so good that my boyfriend wanted one after sleeping at my house,” shares another.
8777	This plane is smaller and mostly covered in fabric, rather than the aluminum of the real Mustang.
8778	This platform extends the reach of local boating communities to a variety of skilled and talented service providers, thereby enhancing the boating experience with reliable and proficient support.
8779	This police training will take place between January to March, with successful recruits starting their duties in April.
8780	This powerful sports documentary chronicles the struggles and triumphs of the Manassas High School football team in North Memphis, Tennessee, a program that has historically been plagued by failure.
8781	This promises to swell the ranks of the unemployed by more than 1,000,000, or nearly 20 percent.
8782	This ranked 391 out of 1317 OT from 1987 to 2024.
8783	This reduced the attainment gap for this group from 24.7 per cent to 0.8 per cent.
8784	This regular rumble of activity across the island can be used to our advantage to assess the hazards that Kīlauea and Mauna Loa volcanoes represent.
8785	This represents a $0.83 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.89%.
8786	This represents a $1.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 6.45%.
8787	This represents a $1.64 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.10%.
8788	This represents a $2.24 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.79%.
8789	This represents a $3.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.48%.
8790	This represents a $6.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.32%.
8791	This resulted in the student being disqualified from driving for six months under the totting-up procedure, he was also fined £380.
8792	This role adjustment provoked thoughts on how traditional genders roles are internalized and expressed within society.
8793	This season, Gweedore United in the Area Cup final.
8794	“This season has been different for her with less playing time, but her contribution has been huge, she’s helped me and the staff so much.
8795	This season he’s on loan at struggling Hearts.
8796	This season was a great year.
8797	This series has been made possible with support from the Department of Rural and Community Development, as well as Sligo, Donegal, Roscommon, Galway, Leitrim, and Clare County Councils.
8798	This shift in Royal tradition would contrast with the experiences of his father Prince William and grandfather King Charles, both Eton College alumni, along with his uncle, Prince Harry.
8799	This shouldn't work in theory, at least in my mind, but it adds a bright, refreshing bite.
8800	This song is Exhibit A for the kind of controlled ferocity The Police could achieve.
8801	This special issue of is devoted to stories of climate action and collective agency.
8802	This story has been shared 2,130 times.
8803	This story has been shared 9,096 times.
8804	“This strategic deployment aims to ensure prompt and efficient emergency medical assistance, covering significant segments and quadrants to enhance the safety and well-being of all participants throughout the event,” DOH said.
8805	This strategy is essential for both inexperienced runners and seasoned runners.
8806	“This strong financial base will further enhance support for agriculture, fisheries and rural development, as well as other key development sectors, in line with the Bank’s broader thrust of serving the nation,” read the LandBank’s statement.
8807	"This summer Forestry Corporation will have 519 firefighters rostered on to respond to the state's forest fires and proudly around 20 per cent of our firefighting workforce are women," Ms Addinsall said.
8808	This sum represents compensation for damage to appliances, adjustments for billing errors, penalties for breach of service standards and reimbursements for services which were not provided.”
8809	This technique involves carefully applying eyeliner to the inner lash line to blend the natural flesh tone with the makeup, creating a seamless and fuller lash appearance.
8810	This time, he is fully awake, and Daemon watches in stunned silence as a heavily pregnant Laena pours wine for the table.
8811	This time out, we see the Roloffs get together to learn the gender of Zach and Tori’s baby.
8812	This to me was the big bonus of shopping at a farm shop like this - being able to find local produce and support local businesses that I didn't even know existed.
8813	“This town was founded for the sake of the gospel,” said Scott Cope, a Massachusetts native and pastor of Trinity Church of Bedford since it launched in 2022.
8814	This trade represents a 6.16 % decrease in their ownership of the stock.
8815	This type of confusion can only be avoided by reading the manga.
8816	This unpredictable streak can be traced back to my very first engagement at 19. I went to an art opening with my fiancé and met the man I would later marry.
8817	This was a huge step forward compared to feudalism.
8818	This was during the WRC Mpumalanga provincial follow-up engagement that was held at the tertiary institution’s Multi-Purpose Hall.
8819	This was rejected by Shah, who said Zungu had three previous convictions.
8820	This was supposed to be the SNP’s defining mission, and one that Nicola Sturgeon specifically tasked John Swinney with overseeing but the gap between the richest and the poorest is widening.
8821	“This was undeniably disappointing considering the significant time and cost that we had invested into the scheme.
8822	This weather disturbance entered the PAR early Saturday.
8823	This week’s High Five looks at some of the Bears’ more recent holdouts.
8824	This week, they're a little more rare, a little bit more rotten and they're not as sweet as they were last week," Hamel said.
8825	This week, Utilities Minister Nathan Neudorf said legislation this sitting would halt the use of variable rates in determining the billed amount.
8826	THIS week, we're taking a look back at the Cumnock and Doon Valley stories and photos from November 2009.
8827	This week will be Smith’s second Stampede as the sitting MLA for the city.
8828	This will allow you to combine the duplicate with another word without losing the original keyword on your board.
8829	“This will be the least productive, most destructive Congress that we have ever had in the history of the United States,” he said.
8830	This will only further feelings of isolation.
8831	This will support expansion and future development in this area.
8832	This win adds to the area’s growing list of lucky lottery participants.
8833	This workshop is led by Natalya Watson, an award-winning beer educator and certified expert in her field.
8834	This would be from about Montana east to the Dakotas on down, which would have included 90% of New Mexico.
8835	This would be in contrast with existing policy, which places the responsibility of oversight of these companies with different state departments.
8836	This would make the shares look somewhat undervalued in this context.
8837	“This year, a large number of round tables, masterclasses and keynotes invite debate and reflection on a wide range of subjects like co-productions, new financing for series, docuseries, the use of AI” and more.
8838	This year, education advocates and preschool providers rallied that would provide subsidies and bonuses to child care and preschool workers.
8839	"This year has definitely been one of the worst and busiest periods for us and we are up 30 per cent from last year.
8840	This year, it had to bridge a gap of more than £7m.
8841	This year's edition of the parade is expected to attract 500,000 people, organizers say.
8842	This year’s event is moving to neighboring Jurupa Valley.
8843	This year's theme is "Keep the fire burning, blak, loud and proud", with marchers walking down Baylis Street from the Morgan Street intersection bound for the Civic Centre forecourt for speeches, a smoking ceremony and flag raising.
8844	This year the down celebrated its 125 anniversary and people enjoyed all sorts of festivities from their annual softball tournament, bouncy castles, trade show, and BMX shows.
8845	This year, they made a scientific breakthrough and vastly improved the way honey can be tested.
8846	This zero-waste solution provides cattle with high-quality feed, which ultimately leads to more milk being produced,” says Kaya Adams, USAID Mission Director in the Kyrgyz Republic.
8847	Those are called “gotaways” and Border Patrol 1,000 per day, or 365,000 per year.
8848	Those constraints, he shared, forced them to shoot in Los Angeles and New York.
8849	Those convicted under Section 165 can be fined or jailed up to two years, or both.
8850	“Those four hours haunt me.
8851	Those glasses were set on the Wayfarer frame to let users take photos and videos, listen to music and answer calls.
8852	Those in the highest exposure group had up to 67% higher risk compared to those in the lowest exposure group.
8853	Those observing the month of Ramadan fast from dawn to sunset allowing them to devote themselves to the Muslim faith.
8854	Those of us working in education still do not really know the impact it has and will have on learners, learning and teaching.
8855	Those swabs are analyzed and catalogued, and then that information made available to oncologists looking for matches for their patients.
8856	Those usually extensive and detailed technical documents could, this time, indicate which EU hopefuls have made considerable progress to move forward in the next institutional cycle.
8857	Those who agreed to share their views on Biden were adamantly against him dropping out – though many also acknowledged they’re worried.
8858	Those who aren’t able to attend Mass still can benefit by reading and meditating upon the readings at home.
8859	Those who are very close to the Inspector General of Police can boldly say that Egbetokun is not even more interested in holding on to office than what is stipulated in Section 7 subsection (6) of the Police Act of 2020.
8860	Those who have performed well in admission tests, including those who scored more than 600 points, are attending this meeting and have come here with great enthusiasm.
8861	Though he’s unable to pitch this year due to Tommy John surgery, he’s still had a huge impact for the Dodgers.
8862	Though Islam is the current religion of the entire country, the Cheshm-e-Shafa and the celebration of Nowruz, the solar calendar’s first day, demonstrate this country’s Zoroastrian past.
8863	Though Jessika enjoyed her time aboard the her time on the super yacht wasn’t the healthiest for her.
8864	Though many mattresses don’t have an “official” weight limit (you can check the company’s website or contact customer service to ask), most standard mattresses are built to support around 230 to 250 pounds per side, or about 500 pounds total.
8865	Though she has her foster family, mother Carla Sunday (Michelle Greenidge) and grandmother Cherry Sunday (Angela Winter), who refuses to move from what is now the family flat in London, Ruby keeps running into other foundlings.
8866	Though the centerman, signed to a seven-year deal in the offseason, leads the team in points (2-3-5) and Pastrnak has three goals in four games, they haven’t really clicked yet like Pastrnak did with both Patrice Bergeron and David Krejci.
8867	“Though their sand boat with the contents were completely submerged, the victims aged between 23 and 25 were resuscitated and handed over to their families,” he said.
8868	Though the market is still nascent, HearX logged some $58mn in sales in 2023.
8869	Though the Smiths are currently maskless, the energy Kelce brought wearing the luchador to the Chiefs’ Super Bowl celebration is unmatched.
8870	Thoughts on this XI filled with firepower?
8871	Thousands of dead fish were found floating at the Pedda Cheruvu lake in Ramanthaput, Hyderabad on Wednesday, June 26.
8872	Thousands of people have been left without power as Storm Isha brought disruption to electricity and transport networks.
8873	Thousands of spectators watched as 59 teams hurtled down the 420m course on Saturday.
8874	Thousands of workers walked off the job in the Seattle and Portland, Ore., regions on Friday, a move that is likely to stall operations at factories where Boeing manufactures most of its commercial planes.
8875	Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock.
8876	Three best dividend stocks based on dividend growth…
8877	Three days after the quake, sailors passed through the area of New Madrid.
8878	Three goals, all gift-wrapped by the hosts, with an own goal, a defensive howler and a penalty enough to seal the deal Eddie Howe finally won his first FA Cup match as Magpies manager.
8879	Three of the concessions – in Hereford, Herefordshire, Leamington Spa in Warwickshire and Fosse Park in Leicester – will open on May 25.
8880	Three of the country's top caravanning sites are in Devon, new research has revealed.
8881	Three people were found dead at the site of a landslide in Matsuyama, Ehime Prefecture, after heavy rain hit the region, a local official said Saturday.
8882	Three people were inside the vehicle and all were taken to hospital following the crash.
8883	Three-time world champion Mark Williams says he was a "real inspiration".
8884	Three tries in each half – a brace from hooker Dan Sheehan and one apiece from Jack Crowley, Jack Conan, player of the match James Lowe and Calvin Nash – were no more than they deserved, with Italy barely venturing into Ireland’s 22m.
8885	Through delays and caps, their numbers are being driven down.
8886	Through his diplomacy with the United Nations, his sparing of the X-Cutioner, and his leniency against the other judges, Magneto put words into action.
8887	Through his role as chairman of the Judiciary panel's federal courts subcommittee, Whitehouse has played a key role with Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Dick Durbin (R-IL) in probing conservative activists, including Leo.
8888	Through murals, graffiti, mosaics, stained glass windows and reliefs, artists depict important themes ranging from everyday life and traditions to heroes and legends.
8889	Throughout the album, BERWYN’s storytelling presents a poignant portrayal of a young man’s quest to discover himself amid personal challenges, while simultaneously confronting the societal and institutional pressures that weigh on his spirit and identity.
8890	“Throughout the war that Sinwar started, he continued to hide underneath the people of Gaza,” Hagari said.
8891	Through the Benedict Blythe Foundation, freedom of information requests on the subject of allergies were made to more than 20,000 schools in England.
8892	Through their inquiry, they learned that four males were sitting in a car in the block and a sitting in the backseat was in possession of what was described as an AR pistol.
8893	Through the power of love and small-town living, they manage to rediscover a love of not only Christmas, but themselves.
8894	Through this, has proven that even rough-around-the-edges characters like Johnny Lawrence can have a very different future.
8895	“Through Wednesday and Thursday, unsettled weather is set to return as frontal systems move in from the Atlantic, bringing showers or longer spells of rain to many parts of the UK.”
8896	Thursday: Early rain in the east clearing to leave some sunny spells.
8897	Thursday games are hard on players.
8898	Thursday’s DAILY MAIL: Is this the end for our copper coins?
8899	Tiang presents the prize to Lau, from Daesco Sdn Bhd, while Ting (centre), Wee (on Tiang’s right) and others look on.
8900	"Ticket acceptance has been agreed with GWR until 10am between Oxford and London Paddington.
8901	Tickets are available from secretary Helen Hulme on 07966 490372.
8902	Tickets are on sale now www.paviliontheatre.co.uk.
8903	Tickets cost £16 and are available to buy now.
8904	Tickets start as low as $8.
8905	Tickets will be sold by the hour to help the event run smoothly.
8906	Tickets will go on sale at 10am local time this Friday, 13th September - you can check out her full live schedule and watch the lyric video for ‘Driver’ below.
8907	Tiffany’s arc was forever changed at the beginning of FBI Season 6 when she was told to be more assertive on the field, compelling her to ask Hobbs to follow Hakim Siran into a bathroom.
8908	Tiffany Stratton comes to ringside, Belair puts LeRae in the corner but eats a tornado DDT!
8909	TikTok and Universal Music Group reached a new licensing deal, ending a three-month stalemate that blocked songs from pop’s biggest stars from the platform.
8910	Till said her daughter was sleepy because the family doesn’t have a permanent residence.
8911	''Time after time, we peered over to see when we could flee,'' he recalled.
8912	Time for the trophy presentation on the Lusail Stadium pitch.
8913	“Time is of the essence,” he said on Monday.
8914	Time of death for all-uppercase closed captioning on scripted programming: 9:00 PM, April 22, 2024.
8915	Time, time, time consumption, and it’s not just action and fighting and stunts, it’s also remembering the line and you have to time things correctly, you’re engaging with another person.
8916	Tim Fernback holds a Bachelor of Science from McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario and an MBA with a concentration in finance from the University of British Columbia.
8917	Timings of that deal are expected to be confirmed at the end of January.
8918	Timo Werner might have won the Champions League during his time with Chelsea from 2020-22 but it was still an underwhelming stint in English soccer for the Germany forward.
8919	Tina had free rein of the apartment and, like the rabbits who lived there before him, chewed through her bedding, the couch, and some of her clothes.
8920	To accessorise, Margot added chunky gold bangles and dainty rings to add texture to the look.
8921	To address this issue, Riverlane designs software and hardware to control qubits and decode calculations.
8922	To all the individuals reading this article who identify with womanhood, I hope you have a happy Halloween and are safe in whatever plans you are making.
8923	To avoid internalizing too much, it’s crucial to acknowledge and manage your emotions.
8924	To be able to look to the future even when the moment feels insurmountable.”
8925	To be fair, Cage is not a normal actor.
8926	"To be fair, no-one asked me to play both games.
8927	To be fair, this isn’t entirely your fault.
8928	To be honest, I’d seen it before, so it was a bit boring.
8929	To be sure, proper management will be key to avoiding abuse of the fund.
8930	Tobey Lappin, Portland/South Portland senior forward: A finalist for the Travis Roy Award, Lappin was the offensive leader for the Beacons – a co-op of Portland, Deering and South Portland high schools – in their first season.
8931	Tochor’s bill is currently being debated for the first time in the House of Commons.
8932	To complete your clean, you can also save 41 per cent on Listerine mouthwash today.
8933	“To curb the demand pressure, I suggest the government should compel a change in consumption behaviour by enacting a ‘Buy Nigeria law’ akin to the ‘Buy America Act’ of 1933 and recently the ‘Build America, Buy America Act’ of 2021.
8934	Today, he runs the Instagram account and lent his photography prowess to the “City Steps of Pittsburgh.”
8935	“Today, I can confirm that we are increasing the weekly earnings limit to the equivalent of 16 hours at the national living wage per week, the largest increase since carer’s allowance was introduced in 1976.
8936	Today, Prince Edward, Charles' youngest brother, also celebrates his 60th birthday.
8937	Today, the Ayn Rand institute seems to represent a re-hashing of very bad globalist ideas, couched in the cult’s buzzwords.
8938	Today, the foundation not only raises awareness, but also provides critical services through partnerships with organizations like the Nevada Coalition to End Domestic and Sexual Violence.
8939	Today the ordinary European sees political Islam, not European nationalism, as the real “Far Right.”
8940	Today, there are thousands of Valentine’s Day traditions that are replicated in the United States, Europe and other parts of the world.
8941	Today, the term has evolved, taking on connotations that range from simple cunning to more calculated malice.
8942	“Today we come to you with the request rooted in justice and reconciliation, we ask for a return of a portion of our traditional territory,” said Chief Grace George of Katzie First Nation.
8943	To designate a formal nominee, delegates from all 50 states attend their party’s summer nominating convention to officially anoint a candidate based on primary voting.
8944	To discover the affiliation, police officers simply called authorities in El Salvador.
8945	To encourage yourself along the way, try positive thinking.
8946	To ensure that the properties will be accessible to the public, grant recipients will install interpretive signs and develop tours and pedestrian trails.
8947	To ensure the safety of road workers and drivers, the works will trigger daytime lane closures.
8948	To find him guilty of felony business record falsification, the jury that he intended to commit, aid or conceal a second crime by making or causing false entries.
8949	“To finish on a high with the team would be a dream.
8950	To fund the lavish home, the music mogul took out two mortgages from the in 2014 and May 2021 – each for $25.35 million.
8951	To further her point about taxpayers “getting ripped off,” Ernst cited findings that some federal workers are cashing in on higher pay rates from localities where they are not actually working.
8952	“Together we all make it the special place it is - even if some days it’s a miracle that we all go home still speaking to each other!”
8953	“Together, we can achieve the promise of ‘North to the Future,’ securing a stronger, more prosperous path for Alaska.”
8954	Together, we can overcome obstacles and achieve a brighter future, built on the strength of our collective resilience and unity.”
8955	Together, we shall, not only stand, but also stand stronger!
8956	Together with Paradox Interactive's long history of developing grand strategy games, this partnership promises to deliver a tabletop experience as rich and engaging as its digital counterpart.
8957	To go for the game of golf, we must start with them young.
8958	Toho International’s – with an Oscar nom and a $2.6 million estimated three-day gross – was no.
8959	To learn more about Black Hills Energy’s Clean Heat Plan, its preferred plan and optional scenarios, visit blackhillsenergy.
8960	To make ends meet, he worked as a mechanic in Gujarat when he wasn't farming.
8961	To make it even tougher, all the boys were dressed as cowboys.
8962	To make matters worse, roads are not cleaned frequently and the dust accumulates on the kerb side.
8963	To make them, all you need to do is slice the delicious pastry open and two slices of cookie dough to the inside.
8964	Tommy’s first race takes place on March 23 and 24 with the season running to October.
8965	Tomo is jumping, he got a nudge, he is coming down, the ball falls on to his arm and there is no intention to move.
8966	Tomorrow at 7 p.m., master barber Antonio Brown of Central Station Barber Shop &…
8967	To most responsibly manage the resources of the Internet Archive, we opted for the latter choice.”
8968	To move public housing tenants out of their existing homes so that they can be sold off, you need to first build replacement stock into which they can be moved.
8969	To my knowledge, she has ignored the readers that I suggested contact her.
8970	To my surprise and dismay, the word “patriotism” has become divisive in our hyper-polarized political environment.
8971	“Tonight, I am proud to have secured the broad support needed to become our party’s nominee.”
8972	Too little, and you are stifling them,” she noted, while emphasising that this tumultuous journey marred by blame and guilt will remain unchanged for all mothers.
8973	Too many jobs were created in government, and too few in manufacturing.
8974	Top: Geomorphology of the area surrounding Troy in the later phases of the Late Bronze Age (labels indicate the locations of the two army encampments and the geographic features of the area).
8975	TOP PERFORMERS: Tim Stutzle has 10 goals and 35 assists for the Senators.
8976	To prevent Islamism, we are creating a taskforce that includes both scientists and public officials in order to draw practical conclusions from academic research.
8977	To prevent the spread of the coronavirus at crowded clinics, emergency rules allowed patients to take methadone unsupervised at home.
8978	To quote Matthew Henry regarding these evil persons, “He says and does everything very artfully and with design.
8979	To start its five-game stretch of nonconference play, Binghamton will return home to take on Canisius in a midweek matchup on Tuesday, March 26. First pitch is set for 3 p.m. at the Bearcats Baseball Complex in Vestal, New York.
8980	To Sudanese critics, the smart suits and smooth talk are just a tactic as General Hamdan prepares for the next round of battle, pointing to his New Year’s Day speech as evidence of his bad faith.
8981	Total yearly revenue from Alliant’s 225,000 natural gas customers will be allowed to grow by $10 million.
8982	"To the rear there is a split garden with composite decking, swimming pool, hot tub and outdoor seating area at the front then beyond a line of trees a turfed garden with kids play area."
8983	To this end, he said, “A letter will be written by the committee to all of them (donors) who made pledges”.
8984	To this end, the women disclosed that they would be holding an event on 21 February, 2024 in Owerri, the Imo State capital to mark the ‘ International Day for Mother Tongue and use the event to celebrate Igbo language in its fullness.
8985	To those in his favor, he was a hero.
8986	To train for a marathon, Anya has to get the miles in. Most weeks will see her run 140km so that she has endurance in her legs when it comes to running a 41.2km marathon.
8987	To which Taylor responds, "I wanna wait until it's white to cut it."
8988	Town councillors have said they have been left "fuming" after thieves swiped the disabled-access toilet in Whitchurch Cemetery on Wednesday night or Thursday morning.
8989	Toxicology found alcohol and evidence of recent cocaine use in her body.
8990	Toyota does not sell the Hilux in the US (but does in countries like ); the 25 percent tariff would make it prohibitively expensive.
8991	Track By Track: Al Matcott Anticipates the Apocalypse on Debut Album ‘Summer’s Coming’
8992	Traders expect more rate hikes to come later this year as the central bank tries to contain inflation.
8993	Traditionally, satellites like the Copernicus Sentinel-5P satellite have been used to map nitrogen dioxide concentrations but their resolution has often been too coarse to pinpoint specific sources like power plants, without averaging many observations.
8994	Tragedy struck the western Ivory Coast on Friday after two minibusses collided on the Daloa-Issia road, resulting in the deaths of at least 26 individuals.
8995	Trailing 35-14 late in the second quarter, the Cougars lost a fumble as they were marching into Cadet territory.
8996	"Training has been good and at a high tempo.
8997	Transfers are more like one to two-year fixes, while you might get a high school recruit for at least three years.
8998	Transitioning to a zero-emission economy is expensive, but not as expensive as a -as-usual path.
8999	Translated: Community united against the criminal world.
9000	"Travel disruption and further flooding is likely, with rivers continuing to rise after the rain clears."
9001	Travelers from those nations were either barred from getting on their flights or detained at U.S. airports after they landed.
9002	Traveling evangelists and local preachers claimed that the cancer was, in fact, a satanic attack.
9003	Travis Chase has more details on the arrest related to the 2012 disappearance of Levoy Taljit.
9004	Treasured wife and a much loved mum, gran and great-gran.
9005	Treasury looters alone are too plentiful.
9006	Treasury officials privately admitted they were disappointed by the figures, and Reeves will hope that the numbers change as capital spending — which she sought to boost with a change to borrowing rules — makes an impact further ahead.
9007	"Treatment for these very addictive drugs is so important and I certainly hope that the territory is putting adequate resources towards treatment," he said.
9008	Trendy seaside town that has the 'only sandy beach an hour from London'
9009	Trident Health, one of the largest health systems in the Lowcountry, named Jeff Wilson as its new president.
9010	Triepke struck out his first batter.
9011	Trindall was initially named to lead the side for a second consecutive year in 2024, however, he decided to step aside after Collins showed interest to concentrate on playing.
9012	Tring had a couple of shots that went wide before a high centre from Lamond was caught by the Tring keeper.
9013	Trips that provide culture, attractions and experiences - rather than a crazy week of fishbowls with pals.
9014	Tristan Chaffey was reliable as ever.
9015	Trudeau could sidestep both problems by taking the controversial step of proroguing Parliament, which would end the session and set the stage for a fresh throne speech.
9016	True, Wilson could be called quirky and corny, but Payton has coached actual criminals before.
9017	Trump has said, likewise with no proof, that Biden’s visa policies will lead to a Hamas takeover of American streets and universities.
9018	Trump has used that false claim to say it would justify him using the Justice Department to target his political enemies.
9019	Trump, however, took to social media last week to warn against any deal that fails to deliver everything Republicans want to shut down border crossings.
9020	Trump, in an interview with the New York Post on Saturday, praised the use of visas to bring skilled foreign workers to the U.S. The issue has become a flashpoint among his conservative base.
9021	Trump is a convicted felon and his VP pick is just plain weird.
9022	Trump is allowed to whine about the prosecutors.
9023	Trump is at best a nominal Christian, with no evidence of faith or church attendance.
9024	Trump, she said at a campaign event in Keene, New Hampshire, on Saturday, "needs to stop praising dictators".
9025	Trump turned 78 about two weeks before he took the stage with Biden in Georgia.
9026	Trump Will Redefine U.S. PowerMembers should sign in for the full experience.
9027	Truth be told, she came to join her Mom and sister who were already here…but who somehow forgot to mention the cold.
9028	Trying using apps on your phone or other devices to measure your speed when out on a walk.
9029	Tschida pleaded guilty in his absence to a charge of failing to comply with a section 35 direction excluding a person from an area.
9030	Tucker Asset Management LLC bought a new position in Augmedix during the second quarter valued at about $172,000.
9031	Tuku’s music fascinated the nation, charmed revelers and consoled the bereaved.
9032	Turkey's Borsa Istanbul National 100 index surged 4.7% (up 6.9%).
9033	Turner then made a great save with his legs from a Cooke shot.
9034	Turning Point 218 opened twenty years ago and was praised for the services offered to female offenders, including vulnerable women addicted to drugs.
9035	Turning to damages, Justice Owens urged the jury to “stay away” from what is stated in the pleadings, including references to Ms Hand being a “fraud” and a “gold digger”.
9036	TV threw Kmander into the apron and then tried Starship pain, but missed.
9037	Tweedt got serious: She recorded an EP in 2022 with her band, ti85, and wants to master the studio techniques of record production, her “dream career.”
9038	Twenty five all stars took part in the competition that consisted of boys and girls in grades 1-2-3.
9039	Twenty-five years ago, in a very different world, over 40 countries adopted the Washington Conference Principles on Nazi-Confiscated Art.
9040	Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company.
9041	Two Chinese air force aircraft undertook a "dangerous manoeuvre" and dropped flares in the path of a Philippine air force turboprop over Scarborough Shoal on Thursday, according to the Philippine military.
9042	Two days before the walkout, public records reveal that a person who appears to be a member of Chapel High School’s School Improvement Team (SIT) emailed fellow SIT members, which included the school’s principal and other school administrators.
9043	Two days earlier, the frigate Le Germinal returned to base with over 6 tonnes of cocaine recovered from two fishing vessels.
9044	Two lanes have been shut on the M6 due to a car fire.
9045	Two months later, the man died abruptly, highlighting the still-high hurdles for cross-species transplants.
9046	TWO OF A KIND: Asheville natives and brothers David Rowe, left, and James Rowe had their most in-depth artistic collaboration yet on James' new film, "Breakwater."
9047	Two of the free agents signed longer deals — forwards Tyler Bertuzzi (four years) and Teuvo Teravainen (three years), both 29. Bertuzzi is sort of the grit-and-grind player, while second-time Blackhawk Teravainen brings the speed.
9048	Two of them, including Trump-allied lawyer Sidney Powell, have pleaded guilty after reaching deals with prosecutors.
9049	Two of the victims were forced into the van while the other two resisted and were able to escape.
9050	Two other pedestrians were involved in the collision, although no other injuries were reported.
9051	Two Palmetto State attorneys recognized for "excellence and achievement.
9052	Two paragraphs later, having noted that Trump was back in the White House watching events unfold, the prosecution describes the Capitol being breached and forcing the Senate to recess.
9053	TWO people were injured and taken to hospital following a two-vehicle collision in Powys this morning (Thursday, June 13).
9054	Two requests for comment sent to the Conservative leader's office over several days went unanswered.
9055	Two Sigma Investments LP bought a new position in shares of Prospect Capital in the first quarter valued at $71,000.
9056	Two suicide bombers of ISIS-K attacked the huge crowd assembled at the death anniversary of Major General Soleimani at Kerman in Iran in January 2024 killing 103 persons.
9057	Two teens reported missing from Co Kildare have been located, according to gardaí on Saturday.
9058	Two trainings have been conducted in East Sepik and East New Britain while the highlands training is being planned for next week in Simbu.
9059	Two weeks ago, the Pittsburgh Steelers were flying high at 3-0 with QB Justin Fields.
9060	Two wet-weather crashes in as many days on Salt Spring’s busiest road brought traffic to a temporary standstill –– and have island officials reminding.
9061	Two wins in 15 games and just 83 days in charge are numbers that could well leave an indelible stain on his CV.
9062	Two women who previously pleaded guilty in connection with the killing of a Minnesota man during an attempt to steal drugs were released from prison last week after their sentences were reduced under a new state that redefines aiding and abetting murder.
9063	Tyler Glasnow is showing off on the mound like Randy Johnson once did.
9064	Type "remove-appxpackage" at the bottom of the PowerShell window, then paste the command right after that text.
9065	Typical British though wasn't it from our two - let's fetch the beers in.
9066	Typically, there are no direct flights between Bristol and Frankfurt, with travellers usually required to change in Amsterdam.
9067	Tywin is so incapable of understanding the twins have wills of their own that he would not believe their terrible, incestuous secret when he heard it from Cersei's own mouth.
9068	Tzipi Livni was once considered to be the most powerful woman in Israeli politics since Golda Meir.
9069	U16 AAA: In an exhibition tournament in Sackville, the Cabot Highlanders picked up a pair of wins, 4-1 over Kings HC & 5-0 over the Valley Wildcats.
9070	UBS Group AG lifted its position in shares of JPMorgan BetaBuilders Japan ETF by 22.6% in the fourth quarter.
9071	UBS Group AG now owns 349,186 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,769,000 after acquiring an additional 8,903 shares in the last quarter.
9072	UBS Group lowered their price target on Home Depot from $411.00 to $400.00 and set a buy rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, May 15th.
9073	UBS Group Lowers Oxford Industries (NYSE:OXM) Price Target to $91.
9074	UBS Group raised their target price on Ollie’s Bargain Outlet from $97.00 to $99.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, August 30th.
9075	UFC President Dana White once called Cyborg a "" and a "dirty" fighter after bringing her into the UFC after her steroid usage.
9076	UK earthquakes, particularly in Scotland, are most often attributed to glacial rebound.
9077	UK on course for 31C heatwave next week and 'it will last for 72 hours'
9078	Ukraine hosted delegations from 92 countries at a first summit in Switzerland last month to advance its blueprint for peace.
9079	Ukraine’s capital Kyiv was under attack on June 30th; missile fragments fell on an apartment building, starting a fire and damaging apartments of a 14-storey residential building.
9080	Ukraine will fight to be free from Russia.
9081	Ukrainian policymakers aimed to establish the country as a gateway for Chinese access to Europe.
9082	Ukrainians had a tendency dating back to Cossack times to let their leaders sort out problems, he added.
9083	UK’s largest train company warns of ‘widespread IT.
9084	"Ultimately, in the end, we had to come back from behind again.
9085	“Ultimately, the more raw, the more real, the more imperfect — in many ways, the better.”
9086	Ultrasounds of the other pins showed they are okay.
9087	Unable to attend TuesdayтАЩs program but still want info about valuable energy rebates?
9088	Unbeknownst to her, she had ended up transferring illegal proceeds totalling about S$30,000 (US$22,000).
9089	Uncertainty or instability in geopolitical hotspots can lead to increased risk aversion among investors, causing them to seek safe-haven currencies such as the US Dollar, Swiss Franc, or Japanese Yen.
9090	UNC reported drops in enrollment among Black, Hispanic and Native American students in its incoming class.
9091	Under Biden, the department has restructured and grown in size to help implement initiatives under the bipartisan infrastructure law and Democrats’ climate law, particularly to help deploy clean energy technologies and infrastructure.
9092	Under cross-examination, defence lawyer Kim Arial challenged some of the inconsistencies between what DN told police and what came out in court through her testimony.
9093	“Under democracy one party always devotes its chief energies to trying to prove that the other party is unfit to rule—and both commonly succeed, and are right.”
9094	Understanding how much you will need to retire by 2050 depends on a range of factors, including inflation, expected lifestyle expenses and healthcare costs.
9095	Understanding the tax repercussions of your crypto investments is critical.
9096	“Understand the risks of where you live and where you work,” he said.
9097	Under the current system, the income tax-free threshold is applied to monthly earnings no higher than €1,200, up to a maximum of €654.
9098	Under the proposed plan, alcohol could be served until 1am from Thursday to Saturday.
9099	Under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO Act), 82 individuals were sentenced to life imprisonment in 77 cases of crimes against children.
9100	Under the watchful eyes of All Might, a rescue mission was planned by the heroes, which put Toshinori Yagi on a collision course with his arch-nemesis.
9101	Under this brand there is also a range of homewares, with prices as low as £5 for a shower curtain.
9102	Under this scheme, a capital subsidy will be provided.
9103	"Unfortunately, Cyrus picked up a hamstring in training this morning, so he's not available and Liam Delap, I'm going to rest because he's got a minor issue with his knee.
9104	Unfortunately for Patel, this film premiered before the recent box office warm-up.
9105	Unfortunately, I have a bit of an issue with scrolling on social media.
9106	Unfortunately I just left the Yankees game because I was talking to a Dodgers fan and people were throwing things at me.
9107	Unfortunately, power-hungry has never looked quite so cool.
9108	“Unfortunately, the Palestinian nation has not yet received this right.”
9109	Unfortunately, the team struggled a bit and were defeated by Edithvale three rinks to one.
9110	Unfortunately, this movie ended up quashing those aspirations because it shows just how dangerous and unpredictable space can really be.
9111	Union Defence Minister expressed his pride in team India saying, “What an incredible victory and achievement by Indian cricket team!
9112	United Nations agencies will next week ask for $3.1 billion to finance aid to Ukraine this year, a senior humanitarian official official told the UN Security Council on Wednesday.
9113	United's defensive shortage could well lead to another squad debut being handed out today.
9114	United's top four chances effectively ended with Hojlund's late February injury and they at least have a specialist striker to turn to in Joshua Zirkzee.
9115	United striker Dan Agyei has been the victim of online racist abuse.
9116	United Way of Cullman County is located at 309 First Ave. NE.
9117	“Unity, patriotism, peace as well as love and respect for one another are indispensable values to accelerate the development of our country,” he asserted.
9118	Universities face challenges in managing tuition fees, accommodation charges, and other associated payments from international students, especially in the wake of fluctuating exchange rates and cross-border transaction complexities.
9119	University of Northern Colorado graduate Samantha Heppenstall talks with her classmates during the Commencement ceremony held at the Bank of Colorado Arena on Dec. 14, 2024 in Greeley.
9120	"Unless these response efforts are immediately bolstered, the number of suspected cases could further increase, potentially reaching more than 250,000 in just a few weeks."
9121	Unless you want to sell textbooks, your best bet is Ziffit.
9122	Unlike some other lists, quotes from the Joker, or any other villain, were left out.
9123	Unlike the diverse cultural mix in the West, India’s sensibilities are more uniform.
9124	Unlike the Yukon and communities in the Beaufort Delta and Mackenzie Delta regions of the N.W.T, Yellowknife did not lose its internet connection last weekend.
9125	Unlucky holidaymakers have seen their plans thrown into chaos this summer after they fell victim to a scam operating on Booking.com.
9126	UNLV at Colorado State — Mountain West Network, 3 p.m.
9127	Unsealed deposition with Elon Musk's righthand man reveals new details about their working relationshipbusinessinsider.
9128	Unsurprisingly, the hoped-for dialogue did not eventuate.
9129	Unwind with this daily supplement that reduces stress.
9130	Upon arrival, guests will head straight to the spa, where they’ll enjoy four hours’ access to all the wellness facilities including the whirlpool, salt wall sauna, steam room and full-sized swimming pool.
9131	Upon arriving at Quarry Bank, families will be guided by candlelight around the grounds as they edge closer to the mill.
9132	Upon graduation she became business manager of Mountain Top Club resort in Chittenden, Vermont, but soon was hired as the bursar at Castleton College, now Vermont State University.
9133	Upon their arrival, the police swiftly detained the teenagers in the vicinity.
9134	Upstairs are six letting rooms.
9135	Up to 400 people could be called up as part of that new jury pool.
9136	Up to 960 passengers could have been filmed, the suit alleges.
9137	'Up until that point he'd been known throughout the school for his sporting prowess.
9138	Up until this point in human history, it was all about progress.
9139	Urge your Senators to pass the bipartisan tax package, and let your Members of Congress know they must now keep going towards a permanent, fully refundable, monthly CTC to keep families moving forward.
9140	Ursula Clark, headteacher at Corpus Christi Catholic Primary School, said: “We are delighted that Ofsted recognised how pupils thrive at the school due to the wonderful work of our staff.
9141	USA Financial Formulas boosted its position in CVS Health by 573.2% during the 4th quarter.
9142	“USA Powerlifting did not exclude Ms. Cooper because of her gender identity,” Viksnins said.
9143	US Bancorp DE now owns 20,541 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $2,745,000 after buying an additional 107 shares in the last quarter.
9144	US Bancorp DE now owns 2,202 shares of the company’s stock valued at $42,000 after acquiring an additional 1,255 shares in the last quarter.
9145	Use code CatholicKatie-15 for a discount.
9146	Use it as a topping for homemade tacos.
9147	US elections: Billionaires jostle to push Harris and Trump to victory.
9148	Use the NORAD Santa Tracker to keep with up Old Santa Nick as he makes delivers across the globe.
9149	Using Model Distillation, the company could train a compact model that captures much of the diagnostic prowess of larger models while running on standard laptops or tablets.
9150	Using one-time state public safety funding, Choi recommended and the Ramsey County Board allocated nearly $1.8 million to fund a nonfatal shooting initiative from 2024 through 2027.
9151	Using sophisticated algorithms and data, AI tools can swiftly gather information on competitors’ activity.
9152	Using the other pound of phyllo, place a sheet on top of the nuts and lightly brush it with butter.
9153	US intelligence has said some North Korean forces have made their way to Russia’s Kursk border region, with Washington and Seoul urging Pyongyang to withdraw its troops.
9154	US is constantly assessing expansion of export…
9155	U.S. lender JPMorgan Chase agreed on Friday to drop its lawsuit filed against electric vehicle maker Tesla linked to stock warrant transactions.
9156	US mortgage rates rose again this week, the fourth-straight weekly increase.
9157	US Secretary of State Wednesday that the war in Gaza would go on after proposed “numerous” changes to a US-backed ceasefire plan, some that he said were “workable” and some not.
9158	U.S. Supreme Court ruled that states could prevent defendants from pleading insanity without violating their constitutional rights.
9159	Usually, when we think of car accidents, we think of one car rear-ending another at a traffic light, running a red light, or even even backing out of a parking space.
9160	Utilize resources such as admissions counselors and informational sessions to gain insights into the application process.
9161	Uwaleke noted that as much as tightening is necessary at this time in view of elevated inflation, MPC should tighten policy incrementally and in a measured manner that optimizes the CBN’s policy tool kit without undue reliance on the monetary policy rate.
9162	UWW remains in touch with the wrestlers and will follow up with them in the coming days.
9163	Vadra took the bag from Sarangi and walked on.
9164	Vale levelled nine minutes into the second period as yet another poor piece of defending saw Hay caught again with Ryan Park collecting the ball to round the keeper and score.
9165	Vance Barz (133) and Jack Barz (139) both earned championship medals, Bryce Ness (114) earned a third place medal, John Pesta (127) and Carter Koltes (215) both earned fourth place and Christian Nelson (172) earned fifth place.
9166	Vance either didn’t know or ignored that the Democrats were in the process of cutting programs intended to ease the plight of the poor, put a floor under the working class, and expand educational opportunities for a broad swath of Americans.
9167	Vanguard Group Inc. lifted its holdings in Addus HomeCare by 1.5% during the 1st quarter.
9168	Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 25,677,207 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,061,753,000 after buying an additional 1,008,932 shares during the last quarter.
9169	Varex Imaging Corporation designs, manufactures, and sells X-ray imaging components.
9170	Various items that belong to Victoria have been recovered from this location.
9171	Vauban will be looking to return to winning ways in the Lonsdale Cup on Friday when the sprinters take the fore.
9172	Vault track “I Can See You” became an instant hit for me, and softer tracks like “Never Grow Up” and “Castles Crumbling” were on replay throughout the summer.
9173	Veg and plants for sale.
9174	Venkanna’s family shares his passion for the environment.
9175	Venturi Wealth Management LLC grew its stake in shares of Macy’s by 282.7% in the 3rd quarter.
9176	Veronica Hunter assisted both local committees with their arrangements.
9177	"Veronica was an active member of Flintshire County Council, serving the Saltney Stonebridge Ward for 14 years between 2008 and 2022.
9178	Verstappen reigned supreme at a rain-hit Spa-Francorchamps to claim pole position but the Red Bull driver will be relegated to 11th.
9179	Veteran Democratic strategist told NBC News that Harris would benefit from speaking to national media outlets and endorsed a strategy that focused on speaking to voters where they live.
9180	Vice chairman of the foundation, Pastor Sarah Omakwu, extolled the virtues of the late Mrs Etuh and described the husband’s sustenance of her legacies as proof that good men still exist.
9181	Vic Emergency has posted to social media at 1.57pm that emergency services are on the scene and traffic management is in place.
9182	Vice President Kamala Harris tried to buck up the Democratic Party’s biggest donors on Friday, telling about 300 of them that there was little to worry about in President Biden’s campaign.
9183	Vice President Sara Duterte speaks at the Zamboanga del Norte Philippine Science High School Commencement Exercises in Dipolog City, the Philippines, June 7, 2023.
9184	VIC Fellows, a program launched in 2020 for individuals with specific expertise to learn about and be involved in the process of identifying and evaluating promising life science and technology innovation.
9185	Vick said this weighs heavy on her mind.
9186	Vicky Wright (left) with Olympic curling team-mate Eve Muirhead.
9187	VICTORIAVILLE, Que. — The Victoriaville Tigres spotted the visiting Cape Breton Eagles a 2-0 lead then roared back with four consecutive goals en route to a 4-3 Quebec Maritimes Junior Hockey League victory on Saturday at Colisee Desjardins.
9188	Victory for Sheinbaum is a major step for Mexico, a country known for its macho culture and home to the world's second biggest Roman Catholic population, which for years pushed more traditional values and roles for women.
9189	“Victory is within our grasp, so let’s seize this historic opportunity and get out and vote!”
9190	Viewers felt Jonathan - who almost suffocated while being buried alive in a gravel pit - should have won.
9191	Vikings Insider: The defense blitzed significantly less in Week 1 than it did last year but still kept Giants quarterback Daniel Jones guessing.
9192	Villagers fear 'full-blown theme park' with 'summer parties of music and gin'
9193	Vinden will be sentenced on August 1. Four other men who were all teenagers at the time and arrested as part of the investigation had no further action taken against them.
9194	Vinicius was watched from the Wembley hospitality boxes by the great Brazilian talent of the 2000s, Ronaldinho, whose touch and craft was, like the younger man, so good that he too seemed impervious to the uncertainties of lesser mortals.
9195	Virgin Active, meanwhile, states in its new members contract that any kind of photography, filming or live-streaming is unacceptable “unless we give the OK”.
9196	Vishal is seen hinting at and calls Armaan 'lucky'.
9197	VisionPoint Advisory Group LLC increased its stake in shares of SPDR Blackstone Senior Loan ETF by 157.0% in the third quarter.
9198	VisionPoint Advisory Group LLC now owns 737 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $30,000 after purchasing an additional 381 shares during the period.
9199	Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Brookdale Senior Living Inc. (
9200	Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Compass Diversified (
9201	Visitors to a natural history museum will be able to have two-way chats with animals on display using generative artificial intelligence (AI).
9202	Visitors to K’gari are reminded to travel in groups and always stay within arm’s reach of children and young teens.
9203	Visitors to Swan Valley have several appealing dining options.
9204	Visit us at bakerhughes.
9205	Viswanathan in the release, said the first quarter was driven by topline growth in both ISCS and NS segments.
9206	Vital to Beta Fiction Spain’s success, she added, has been the support of public broadcaster TVE, Atresmedia, Movistar Plus+ and Prime Video in Spain, which have acquired Beta Fiction Spain titles since the beginning.
9207	“Voices in Palestine are being silenced right now, and if I have the privilege to speak for them, I’m taking that chance.”
9208	Volumes for the June quarter increased by 20.2% compared to the same period in the prior year.
9209	Volunteer Barbara said: “I’m passionate about the project because it brings together local communities around the Firth of Forth enabling us to do something tangible to help restore biodiversity and reduce global warming.
9210	Volunteers at the Andover foodbank have been busy putting the finishing touches to 1100 special Christmas hampers for vulnerable people and families in the town.
9211	Volunteers organise a wide variety of activities and involves each weekend more than 20 students clearing pathways, litter-picking, pruning trees to improve the environment.
9212	Vote for Donald Trump on November 5, 2024.
9213	Voters face a choice between hard-line candidates and a little-known politician who belongs to Iran’s reformist movement that seeks to change its Shiite theocracy from within.
9214	Wales flanker Alex Mann has opened up on how much he wants to claim a first win for his country against Ireland on Saturday.
9215	Walker suggests that students unhappy with the change should reach out to Butler’s administration.
9216	Walz's shift from a centrist representing a single rural district in Congress to a more progressive politician as governor may have been in response to the demands of voters in major cities like Minneapolis-St.
9217	WANDERERS have a choice to make on the left side of their defence with Szabolcs Schön suspended for Tuesday night’s trip to Cambridge United.
9218	Want More '3 Body Problem'?
9219	Warehouse workers in cities including New York, Atlanta and San Francisco took part in what their representatives called the “largest” strike against Amazon.
9220	Warning it could set a dangerous precedent, with more than 300 at-risk coal tips in south Wales, he said the project risks allowing coal extraction under the guise of remediation.
9221	Warren, who appeared intoxicated, explained that he gave the woman $20 to take his granddaughter to a thrift store while he visited the bar.
9222	Warwickshire Police has issued a full statement into this afternoon's tragedy.
9223	WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. intelligence officials warned American defense companies on Thursday to increase security precautions following several acts of…
9224	WASHINGTON : Neanderthals went extinct roughly 39,000 years ago, but in some sense these close cousins of our species are not gone.
9225	Washington traded Soto to San Diego at the 2022 MLB trade deadline.
9226	'Wash your hair less frequently to retain natural oils and moisture.'
9227	Was it a hollow threat by 345 Park Avenue?
9228	Waste Management (NYSE:WM) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at StockNews.
9229	"Was the crime solved?
9230	Watch above via NewsNation.
9231	Watch Blackpool vs. Nottingham Forest for free from anywhere in the world with ExpressVPN.
9232	Watching Jack (Draper) walk out there with no chance of qualifying, it’s difficult and I have to – not live with it, it’s not that important – but I have to deal with that.
9233	WATCH: One year after newly-elected Vancouver Mayor Ken Sim promised 100 new police officers and 100 new mental health nurses on the streets, part of his plan appears to have stalled.
9234	Water firm bosses could be jailed for up to two years under government plans to tackle pollution.
9235	“Water levels have been greater this year and more prolonged.
9236	Waugh fears that major events like the Boxing Day Test will be seriously impacted in coming years.
9237	Way too brief and too lovely to be real.
9238	Way to prove him right.
9239	Weak characters end up revealing how strong they really are, and some powerful characters are brought lower than anyone thought possible.
9240	“We all want that feeling when you’re excited and nervous at the same time.”
9241	“We already work with set-piece coaches.
9242	We also can’t forget the racial history of swimming pools.
9243	We also have 14 new images.
9244	We also plan on issuing an updated feasibility study for the project next year, which will reinforce the significant value of what could be British Columbia’s next major copper mine,” concluded Mr. McDonald.
9245	We also said goodbye to a newly launched flop from Coca-Cola and a multicolored gum that was the cornerstone of many kids’ lives.
9246	We also see a different side to Vera in this episode.
9247	We Americans like Presidential candidates who have been arrested.
9248	We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause and appreciate your understanding and support."
9249	“We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause you and as soon as we know more, we will update this page.”
9250	“We appreciate working collaboratively with the California Public Utilities Commission to distribute the Climate Credit and offer some financial relief to our customers,” Dana Golan, SDG&E vice president of customer services, said in a statement.
9251	We are a country under siege and desperately need the momentum in our Arts and Sports to roll over and bring a fresh wind to blow over all our misfortunes.
9252	We are always thinking of ways in which we can create value for clients and help them build a better future for themselves and their loved ones…,” Mr Sello said.
9253	"We are as frustrated as everyone else and it’s important for us as players to take responsibility for the last three performances," he said.
9254	"We are currently following our Significant Seismic Event protocol and all affected areas have been isolated.
9255	We are eating out less often.
9256	We are going to be doing that.”
9257	“We are grateful to WISE and its partners for providing us with these stoves and educating us on their benefits.
9258	We are hoping that 2024 is Bobby’s year and that, after waiting patiently, it will be his turn to find the home he deserves."
9259	“We are hoping to do the same even though after Helene and all the damage it has done to our area and our areas around us," he said.
9260	“We are ice cream entrepreneurs.
9261	“We are in the era of social and online media.
9262	We are just trying to grow the interest in the sport,” he said.
9263	We are of the belief that an economic slowdown is underway.
9264	We are ready to put on another superb run - everything is already in place and we just need participants to sign up.
9265	'We are sorry for the inconvenience this may cause and appreciate your co-operation'
9266	“We are thrilled to announce that Bidemi Olaoba, a celebrated and anointed gospel artiste, has officially joined the GNT family.
9267	"We are thrilled to bring back the photo competition and provide a platform for our talented residents to showcase their artistic skills and love for our community," she said.
9268	We are very close to completion with only 7.5 miles left to build.
9269	We are very disappointed not to win the game because we fully deserved to.
9270	“We are very excited to welcome Tabitha to Lyon.
9271	We are very happy that Zimbabwe has the capabilities and technologies to rescue its people when we have challenges or accidents of this nature.
9272	We are very honoured and excited to be hosting the national Open in the home of golf for a sixth time.
9273	We are very optimistic that not only will this budget be funded adequately, but it will be funded on a timely basis as well.”
9274	“We are very pleased to be helping EVWD achieve its exemplary sustainability objectives as we pursue our mission to accelerate the world’s clean energy transition by transforming waste into valued resources.”
9275	“We are very sorry that we lost a good soul,” Clempus told CNN.
9276	“We are warning the community that there is no such thing as a safe dosage when it comes to this drug … the risk you are taking is your own life.”
9277	We are working together to win 28 seats,” he said.
9278	“We are working with Transport for NSW to make sure crews are available to do just that,” he said.
9279	We are worried that they will now charge us ridiculous amounts.”
9280	We asked him for advice on how to wake up better in the morning.
9281	We asked the Cable actor if his other Marvel role would be making another appearance.
9282	We associate the word “pastoral” with green pastures and shepherding, with church-related ministries and such that look after “the last, the least, and the lost.”
9283	“We assume that Trump will initially impose only selective but headline-grabbing tariffs, while threatening to go much further if China and Europe do not offer him significant concessions in negotiations,” he added.
9284	We as the NFL, we honor you.
9285	We at Mountain Family believe that our healthcare delivery model, using an integrated approach, not only provides exceptional care to our patients but is more economical.
9286	We believe Sniffies is the best hookup site for gay men right now.
9287	We both believed a new type of shoe company could have an impact on the future of the industry,” says Jornet.
9288	We bought this for our house in France as summer temperatures are extreme, but as we want to run at night it needed to be quiet and shift a good volume of air.
9289	“We came back home because it was better to be in a safe place where you know the place.
9290	“We came into this one understanding what would happen, but we didn’t come in cocky.
9291	"We came in Tuesday and had a recovery session for the ones who played and the others did some training.
9292	“We can breed and create our own IOCs that would have sizable balance sheets, acreages across the world, and portfolios that can compete with the likes of the Shell’s and Chevron,” he said.
9293	“We can have a bit of confidence we can do a bit more with the ball going forward.”
9294	“We cannot play any more games at the County Ground than we do currently, so it makes sense for us to investigate the idea of an additional venue, which the site at Moulton offers.
9295	“We cannot possibly fix the problem just on local, county and state money alone.”
9296	We can’t blame the Wilson Water Group.
9297	We can then measure the impact of the experimental scheme.”
9298	We can't let them think they've won."
9299	We can’t wait to see all about it on the 87 Instagram stories you’ll post.
9300	We continue to be very busy with incoming orders up hugely for the first six months of our fiscal year compared with last year.
9301	“We continue to vigorously oppose state control of hospital staffing decisions,” he said.
9302	We could destroy Russia's conventional military without breaking a sweat.
9303	"We could have an airport here for all those tourists coming from Kyiv.”
9304	“We did not make it easy on ourselves, but Greater Lowell is well-coached, young, and hungry,” said Leary.
9305	We didn’t want to concede.”
9306	We didn’t win, but we’re learning and talking about some things we can do to get better.”
9307	Wedmont Private Capital lifted its stake in shares of IDEXX Laboratories by 1.4% in the 1st quarter.
9308	Wednesday, Oct. 30, the Los Angeles Dodgers takes on the New York Yankees with Game 5 at Yankees Stadium in The Bronx, New York.
9309	We do not claim to have that figured out.
9310	We don't have a GIP oral.
9311	We don't kill rattlesnakes.
9312	“We don’t know where the Section 106 funding has gone.
9313	“We don’t want to collaborate with a government that marginalizes parcels of society like queer people,” said Jashi.
9314	“We don’t want to speculate kung ano ‘yung nag-trigger ng chest discomfort niya.
9315	We either say, ‘do away with coal, go to renewables’ or 'leave renewables, go to coal’.
9316	Weekend closures remain the same, including a detour via Cudal.
9317	Weeks later, he dropped onto one knee and asked me officially on New Year's Eve.
9318	We enable governments, businesses, and individuals with the right data, expertise, and connected technology so that they can make decisions with conviction.
9319	We engaged for four months in a good-faith negotiation on the border, in part because we know the president needs new authorities to control the number of people who are crossing.
9320	“We felt he would be okay coping with what Southampton had out that side as well.
9321	We found overarching trends when we probed views of "good citizenship".
9322	We found the broker enormously helpful here too because they were the go between with the bank.
9323	We got some balls in the zone.
9324	“We gotta put other guys in position to make that play,” senior linebacker Mason Cobb said after Wednesday’s practice.
9325	We had 236 branch locations in those four states.
9326	“We had about seven or more experienced and even international players drop down last season.
9327	“We had a few chances, hit the post, so it was good to get back in the game.
9328	We had decided not to speak during the investigation.
9329	“We had formed three teams to nab him.
9330	“We had hoped to see a specific food loss and waste report that would happen more periodically so the field can all learn from what the agencies are doing in a more centralized and clear space.”
9331	We had no lawful reason to detain anybody or continue with the case, so the matter was closed.”
9332	“We had to slow the game down, and it was just clock management.
9333	“We have a growing membership at Dounreay, which is down to the of our shop stewards and NRS need to realise, if they don’t already, that we are heading for prolonged industrial action.
9334	We have a high-speed, four-lane highway.
9335	"We have a long way to go in the development of this service and making a real impact, however, we are extremely proud of the collaborative working and work to date resulting in this nomination."
9336	"We have already circulated messages to local bodies to be alert and asked hospitals to be on standby to serve more patients," Roshan Pokhrel, a secretary at the Ministry of Health and Population, told AFP.
9337	We have an election year in the U.S. A lot of our customers are just waiting to see what's going to happen.”
9338	We have a photo spectrometer where we can look at the different levels of melanin and look at lifetime exposure to to UV radiation over time.
9339	We have a record that never came out together.
9340	“We have been tirelessly and urgently working towards the immediate deployment of relief, recovery, and rehabilitation amidst the severe devastation caused by Typhoon Kristine in the Bicol Region,” Marcos said in a Facebook post.
9341	We have concluded that no further police action will be taken."
9342	“We have gone through over 200 rounds of negotiations with Russia since the annexation of Crimea and occupation of Donbass in 2014.
9343	We have placed Mr Olawusi on our 15 Most Wanted list due to the heinous crimes he’s committed and the threat he continues to pose to the public.
9344	We have positive energy.
9345	"We have to focus on ourselves," the Dutchman told Sky after scoring his 16th league goal of the season.
9346	“We have to protect our professions.
9347	We hear her say, “I thought everything would be great and beautiful if I was a K-pop star, but that’s not the reality.”
9348	We hit a high of 14 C on Sept. 12 (Thursday of last week), but every other day this month has been 18 C or warmer.
9349	“We hope that endorsements of the treaty by the Mayors of Lilongwe and Mzuzu will prompt other cities and countries across the continent to follow suit and garner greater support for the treaty, for the sake of humanity and nature.”
9350	“We hope to conclude other tests of KAAN very soon.
9351	We hope to launch the first BESS procurement shortly, based on the timelines that we have seen coming into the development plan.”
9352	We hope you enjoyed this story.
9353	“We invite everyone to come, eat our food, dance, and celebrate together.
9354	We just can’t win!
9355	"We just don't know when we'll be allowed back.
9356	“We just gave them too many opportunities.
9357	“We just had this hole in our budget,” Mackie says.
9358	"We keep waiting to get in trouble but no one's telling us to stop.
9359	“We knew how expensive things could be and when we learned a plot was $50, we were jumping on that.
9360	“We knew that we’d find space on transition so there was an element of allowing Stoke to come onto us.
9361	“We know exactly why Putin killed Alexei three days ago,” Ms Navalnaya said.
9362	We know him from his previous six years as a good lineman who is fairly inconsistent in his play and underperforms in the passing game.
9363	We know that access to free travel can have a hugely positive impact on their ability to connect with opportunity.
9364	“We know the test we face but what I would say is we have one of the most exciting attacking units in the league also.
9365	Welch’s order might have been fine in the Supreme Court’s eyes if it had only asked questions.
9366	WELCOME to bygones and a trip back in time.
9367	Welcome to Minnesota, Kamu Grugier-Hill and Jihad Ward!
9368	We like to think we have balanced scoring.
9369	We’ll have all the latest with England set to submit their final 26-man squad in the next 24 hours.
9370	We'll have extra staff on hand at stations to help people who are travelling on the weekends affected by this work."
9371	Well, he’s just been confirmed as being cast in Am I Being Reasonable?, which means an on-screen reunion with Daisy (finally!), who co-wrote the show.
9372	Well, I am pretty old school.
9373	Well, I had gotten an email from her boyfriend, Chris Martin, and he told me that he was planning a surprise birthday party for her, that I was her favorite comedian, and that he wanted to surprise her with me.
9374	“We’ll open up education and cultural opportunities, accessible to all.
9375	Wells Fargo & Company boosted their target price on Amazon.com from $217.00 to $234.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 1st.
9376	Wells Fargo & Company lifted their price objective on shares of U.S. Bancorp from $43.00 to $50.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Thursday, December 14th.
9377	Wells Fargo & Company MN acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Energy ETF during the 4th quarter worth about $11,643,000.
9378	Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund by 0.5% during the 2nd quarter.
9379	Wells Fargo & Company reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Ecolab in a report on Friday, October 18th.
9380	Well, the reason is because that was the one place where Black people got the proverbial 40 acres and a mule, and they got that 40 acres.
9381	We’ll use The Crew as an example, but this process works for most add-ons.
9382	Well, we know there’s a CR; that’s a given.
9383	Well, we think so.
9384	We'll whack it inside a dome or whatever they're doing."
9385	“We looked at their abilities to engage with the enemy, land combos and get in-and-out of the pocket,” Shindo said.
9386	“We look forward to seeing our 1st team football players take to the field, proudly representing both the school and the ever-growing strength of our community.”
9387	We look forward to strengthening our partnership as we continue welcoming travellers to all the sights and experiences that Calgary and its surrounding region have to offer,” said Calgary Airport Authority president and CEO Chris Dinsdale.
9388	"We look forward to welcoming him among us very soon."
9389	“We lost a close game that time, and I felt like I could’ve shown my seniority to go get the ball, make less turnovers,” Tabbs said, referring to that setback at UMES.
9390	“We love you,” another guest said.
9391	We may not have had the best nurturing growing up, but when we come together as a group, the positive connection and environment we make with one another is mind-blowing.
9392	We must all stand up for what is right.
9393	We must note that our minerals and energy complex economy remains a colonial economy, with the owners of the economy, whether South African or not, with loyalties in the West, particularly the US and the UK.
9394	Wenatchee Valley Fire Chief Brian Brett confirmes the fire was contained and had reached 554 acres.
9395	Wendy Burdekin shared her determination to give her all during the races, reflecting the team's collective effort and success.
9396	We need him to listen to us.
9397	We need immediate action to keep pace with rapid developments in internet regulation, and to prevent through a holistic approach—not just punish it after it happens.
9398	We need proof… One of the worst things for a parent is to know your children are in danger yet be unable to do anything about it.
9399	We need to have that as well in mind, especially in the lower divisions.
9400	“We need to invest more in order to get more capabilities,” Pevkur said.
9401	We need to laugh.
9402	“We need to see a complete halt – with no loopholes, including for components for F-35s supplied to the USA for onward export to the Israeli military – to all UK arms transfers to Israel.”
9403	We need to talk about your secret passion.
9404	We never imposed our way of life on anyone.”
9405	We now know of one place that might top the list.
9406	"We obviously didn't want so many yellow cards.
9407	We once called over a manager who was shouted at and asked to leave a team meeting by his boss, who had a reputation for losing his temper frequently.
9408	"We only have instantaneous reagents for the water testing laboratory in Nyala in which water pollution is confirmed or denied.
9409	We paid our bills—we owe you nothing.”
9410	"We people in the Gaza Strip are the only ones who can currently feel the pain that the Lebanese people are experiencing."
9411	“We play Tuesday night for seeding and hopefully we play them again in a couple of weeks,” Kezmarsky said.
9412	We previously told how Shanks (below) was among those to back the UK Labour leader Keir Starmer's call for a “humanitarian pause” as opposed to a ceasefire.
9413	We promise you’ll thank us later.
9414	“We promptly launched an investigation, engaged experts to assist in assessing the scope of the incident, and took steps to mitigate the potential impact to our community,” the letter sent to affected drivers reads.
9415	“We put ourselves in a position to tie the game, and we’ll build off it.”
9416	"We put our thoughts out to the family," he said.
9417	"We’re all looking forward to tuning in on Sunday night!"
9418	“We’re both out of our comfort zones.
9419	We received information about an upcoming riot planned by the Nukhbas, and they were organizing in such a way as to create a riot.
9420	“We recommend that the government should ensure that adequate public consultation of stakeholders and citizens is observed throughout the process,” it added.
9421	"We're creating more options and more pathways for folks to be appropriately supported," he said.
9422	“We recycle rainwater, we hoped to have solar energy installed this year and 100 per cent of our electricity is renewable.
9423	We’re eternally grateful for the support of our community and we are beyond excited for what the future holds for Tumble Twist and Turn.
9424	“We’re experiencing a shortage of mental health professionals,” said Cipriano.
9425	We’re going to require it to be paid for.
9426	We’re gonna fight like hell in solidarity with our neighbors.”
9427	Were he alive now he would likely add polls to this list.
9428	We're in this together, and I'm sure I'll be more dedicated than ever to this badge."
9429	“We’re just seeing a lot more kids eat at the cafeteria than we’ve seen ever before,” Riley said.
9430	“We’re like, ‘no I’m sorry, our policy is not to discriminate against trans kids.’
9431	We remain committed to creating exceptional value for our shareholders and contributing to the continued growth of Ras Al Khaimah.”
9432	“We’re playing the hits on TV, just like we played the hits on my show on Chicago radio,“ he said.
9433	“We’re proposing moving a school out of an existing building.”
9434	"We require all products offered in our store to comply with applicable laws and regulations," the spokesperson said.
9435	“We’re really proud of the work.
9436	“We’re super excited.
9437	Were they all asleep at the Cabinet table?” asked Persad-Bissessar.
9438	“We're told it's likely to be published at the back end of next week.”
9439	We’re working with local law enforcement during the investigation and cannot comment further on an ongoing investigation.
9440	“We sang up the sun,” Dionne said.
9441	We sat down and had a really good conversation about it, and then he was family.”
9442	West Ham United can confirm George Earthy will undergo an assessment in a London hospital this evening following the incident which saw him stretchered off during today’s Premier League fixture against Fulham.
9443	We still have a lot of things to resolve, a lot of our institutions are still adapting to the pace at which things are happening in Guyana…” Dr. Singh added.
9444	West Midlands Police employee for 27 years and counting, the mum-of-two spoke of both rewarding and frustrating cases, dealing with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and separating work from her home life.
9445	“We submit that the central submission by the commission namely that the system was working really well and that those who acted reasonably and with due diligence could comply with the requirements has a fatal flaw to it,” he said on Wednesday.
9446	We take a look, here.
9447	“We take care of them exactly as if they were a loved one.
9448	We then compared this to the number of new onsets during the late reproductive stage, which are the years before the perimenopause.
9449	“We then hold the head and slit each artery in their neck.”
9450	We, the youth, must take the reins.
9451	“We thought maybe she was a child with special different coloured eyes but just to be sure we rang the GP.”
9452	“We thus conclude,” Roberts wrote, “that the President is absolutely immune from criminal prosecution for conduct within his exclusive sphere of constitutional authority.”
9453	“We treat all reports we receive seriously and will investigate thoroughly to ensure that those responsible are brought to justice.
9454	“We understand that a building permit application will be required for the reinstallation of these structures and intend to fully comply with the building, plumbing and electrical codes at that time,” he wrote.
9455	‘We use exactly the same ingredients as the main restaurant, plus a few things, like the best mortadella, that might not have a place there.’
9456	We've also noticed the colors are a bit inconsistent between the primary and ultrawide cameras.
9457	We’ve been doing a lot of work with them.
9458	"We've brought six players back from last year, so it's important for us to keep that continuity," he said.
9459	We’ve channelled that knowledge into this list, because post-festival recovery is just as important as pre-planning for the event too.
9460	We’ve got absolute confidence in our security agencies.
9461	We’ve gotta figure it out,”
9462	“We wanted to include more than just our well-known acting alumni in the mix,” Grier added.
9463	"We wanted to say no business as usual today as long as there's a genocide.
9464	"We want our children to be as safe and protected as possible when they're out in the world around other people."
9465	“We want our land, and I want to be very, very clear about that.”
9466	“We want our retail areas to be safe for visitors and shop workers, which is why we’re encouraging staff to report thefts, anti-social behaviour and assaults.
9467	“We want people to earn more, and we want workers, every taxpayer, to keep more of what they earn.”
9468	"We want the best teams there on that day, it's looking pretty positive for those two clubs."
9469	We want the city to benefit from us.”
9470	We want to continue to focus on development of players.”
9471	We want to discover what has happened to Kyran."
9472	“We want to go to Evanston,” home of Northwestern University.
9473	“We want to help people recently diagnosed with dementia who are still trying to come to terms with it,” said Mr Rook.
9474	'We want to see hostilities cease, we want to see the hostages released, we want to see a pathway toward peace and security for Israelis and Palestinians in the region.'
9475	We want to stress, as this case shows, that it is never too late to report a crime, for both recent and non-recent offences.
9476	We want to support the strength of every person while allowing every community to invest its strength in those whom we serve.”
9477	We want to thank you all for all your support over the years and also all your custom.
9478	“We went to the Federal secretariat and locked the entrance gate.
9479	We were all in this L.A. scene at the time that everybody was living super fast and dangerous.
9480	We were called to the smell of burning from one of the lifts in the tall building there, coming from base of lift shaft within a 17 storey building.
9481	“We were imprisoned in our own country.
9482	We weren't friends when they moved in, and I wanted roommates so that I could earn extra cash, so I don't see why I should let them reside for free.
9483	We were on vacation in Breckenridge, Colorado, and we went hiking almost every day.
9484	“We were pretty much best friends before this.
9485	“We were talking about the difficulties of being a single parent,” said the rabbi.
9486	“We were the better team throughout the whole game, we just need to take our chances.
9487	“We will always act on any information about drug activity provided to us and would urge anyone who believes this activity is happening near to them to get in touch.”
9488	We will continue to pursue this strategy with more exploration at Woodjam and our other highly prospective projects.
9489	“We will critically review the parameters set by the company to ensure fairness.
9490	“We will do what we will have to do,” Mr. Bhattacharya said, when asked if the CPI(ML) would go solo.
9491	"We will keep standing with the Lebanese people during these difficult circumstances and also with the Palestinian people," Qalibaf said during the tour, during which he was escorted by several Hezbollah officials.
9492	We will miss that smile, that special interaction shared each day with family and friends.
9493	“We will not permit Rahul Gandhi to Sambhal as prohibitory orders have been issued by the administration there.
9494	We will, of course, continue to support them going forward.’
9495	We will train thousands more GPs and bring back the family doctor,” he said.
9496	We work closely together, and they trust us to deliver effective innovations that improve their performance.
9497	“We work on it together every day,” Otieno said.
9498	“We would encourage all local residents to get involved with their ideas over the coming weeks and months.”
9499	"What a huge, huge, huge loss to the country, to the world," said Kostin Jr.
9500	What are the Knicks’ options if they go chasing after another big man?
9501	What are the odds your kid’s tablet gets tossed across the room or goes for a swim in the toilet?
9502	What are you looking forward to most about being back open?
9503	What do we know so far about how the two campaigns differ on global economic policy?
9504	What do we need to fix?
9505	What do you make of this latest One Piece theory?
9506	“Whatever your thoughts about Alexei Navalny as the politician, he was just brutally murdered by the Kremlin.
9507	“What exactly happened in the parking lot is certainly in controversy,” he said.
9508	What girl who loves Thin Mints wouldn’t love a guy who keeps them in his freezer for her?
9509	What Happened: As reported by CNN, the preliminary labor…
9510	What Happened Next Was Confusing.
9511	What Happened: The sell-off was sparked by weaker-than-expected U.S. jobs data, causing Japan’s Nikkei index to experience…
9512	What happens when fashion icons wear identical outfits?
9513	“What has been said in this Declaration regarding the blessings of same-sex couples is sufficient to guide the prudent and fatherly discernment of ordained ministers in this regard.
9514	What hasn’t changed, however, is ‘s status as one of the best superhero movies that Hollywood has ever produced.
9515	What has the prime minister said on this?”
9516	What Howard Park has to offer is anything but that.
9517	“What I did was I flew to Poland and I travelled to the border to check I’d be able to take a bus in and out,” he recalls.
9518	What if he had some level of influence?”
9519	“What if this doesn’t work out?
9520	What immediately came to mind were “Let he who is without sin cast the first stone” as well as “Those who live in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones.”
9521	What is an Open Relationship?
9522	What is 'orange cat behaviour'?
9523	What is the cheese hub?
9524	What is the deadline to mail my ballot?
9525	What is the Masters of the Pros 185?
9526	What Is the Most Dangerous Item of Clothing You Can Wear on a Cruise?
9527	What makes it really engaging is how you combine them; you can use your projectile gems to make the attack more powerful, or you could mix it with an electrical skill gem to apply shock damage.
9528	What makes the Chinese release of "Casino Royale" truly surprising is that the government asked for no cuts to be made, allowing the film to run uncensored.
9529	What may complicate the Greens’ claim to the mantle of change is the defection of the very candidate who led their 2013 breakthrough.
9530	What might shake things up?
9531	What Saudi Arabia seems to boast most is their defense.
9532	What’s Congress doing in all of this?
9533	What sets this magic battle apart is that there is no magic–not visible, anyway.
9534	What's Next for Five Nights at Freddy's?
9535	What’s now in question is whether it will be around much longer — and if so, in what form.
9536	What some may not realize, is that RAM is important for performance, and that applies to everything from gaming to productivity work, especially things like CAD and programming.
9537	What started as a one-person operation in 2003 turned into a powerful movement driven by Sheila Thorne’s unyielding commitment to fostering an equitable healthcare system.
9538	What's the rain outlook look like?
9539	What that means is that the production level in monetary level contracted by $21 billion.
9540	“What they are going to do is to set up science and technology or Argentine research teams that can take advantage of these resources,” she insisted.
9541	What we as Christians have to prepare for is how we live under people who threaten our rights.
9542	“What we can do is to ensure that the person kidnapped is released.”
9543	What we need is a midfielder with defensive abilities, and not a central defender turned midfielder.
9544	What will Bellamy do for the next four months?
9545	What will happen to the first floor of Wallace Tower?
9546	What will you miss the most in the show?
9547	What would bring it back?
9548	When accounting for the high winds, wind chills fell well below zero for many states contributing to dozens of fatalities, many in Tennessee.
9549	When asbestos-containing materials are disturbed, microscopic fibers can become airborne and inhaled, leading to serious health risks such as asbestosis, lung cancer and mesothelioma, the Environmental Protection Agency.
9550	When asked about the secrets of managing, he would reply a sense of humor and a good bullpen.
9551	When asked if Cunha's style makes it easier for him, Larsen added: "Yes, he understands.
9552	When asked if he believed the squad was good enough to stay up, Matthews said: "I definitely do.
9553	When a stroke alert comes through the speakers at HCA HealthONE Swedish, their medical team knows every second counts in order to give patients the best chance at a full recovery.
9554	When audiences leave the theatre we make sure that they feel as though it really is beginning to look a lot like Christmas!"
9555	When Blackie’s owner, 14-year-old Lotte, went to check on her, she found her remains on the bloodstained grass.
9556	When characters don’t feel anything at all for each other, a pairing can’t work.
9557	When delivering judgment the Criminal Court, presided over by Madam Justice Natasha Galea Sciberras, observed that the defence’s request pivoted on their claim that the accused allegedly played “a very minimal role”.
9558	When did England last win the Six Nations?
9559	“When Eisenhower took office in 1953, one of his first executive orders that he signed was Executive Order 10450,” Connelly explained.
9560	Whenever they came to the church and didn’t meet the General Overseer, they would call me to pray for them, and I would do so.
9561	Whenever you download software, make sure it’s from an actual software developer you trust.
9562	When he entered into “a form of marriage” that barely lasted, with mixed-race Natty Foley, he was sacked as miscegenation was then a crime in Ohio.
9563	When he got a second chance, he didn't miss.
9564	When her hostel inmates found the bathroom locked from inside in the morning and no one was responding, they informed the hostel authority.
9565	When he told me he’d been in the water nearly two hours I knew I needed to get him to the lifeboat as soon as possible, where they could warm him up with a survivor blanket and assess his care."
9566	When he was counting money, three youths in a vehicle snatched his bag containing money and his identity card and fled after pushing him.
9567	When I broke his serve at 4-3 in the first set, played a really flawless match until the end of the match.’
9568	"When I eat popcorn, I have to swish it in my mouth with water or Diet Coke before I swallow it.
9569	"When I look across all the games this year, the games that we’ve conceded goals in, set plays have been a highlight of that.
9570	"When I looked at it, I was freaked out.
9571	When is it right to make life-saving choices for others who can’t ask for help?
9572	When is Man City vs Man Utd?
9573	When it came time to plot out what a solo book for her would look like, were there any themes that stood out to you as the most important to address?
9574	When it came to using it on my scalp, it felt pretty strange and it didn't lather up as much as I thought it may have done and left me with lots of sugar crystals all in my hair.
9575	When it comes to five shows you need to watch in August, however, we have chosen a selection of both new and returning shows on the top streaming services that you’ll want to have on your watch list this month.
9576	When it comes to flea treatment, pet owners can choose between a tablet or a spot-on solution.
9577	When it comes to jurists experimenting with generative artificial intelligence (Gen AI), Judge US Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit is at the leading edge.
9578	When it comes to other Marvel heroes, there isn't one that Peter Parker is closer to than Johnny Storm.
9579	When it comes to skincare, which country will come out on top?
9580	When it comes to tackling condensation, it's important to deal with the issues in your home first - whether that be poor ventilation and insulation and high humidity.
9581	When it comes to wood, for instance, cheaper furniture in the mid-20th century often used American plywood, while fancier pieces might be made of solid cherry or oak sourced from Europe.
9582	When it is difficult to provide unprovocative clarity about an event, this literary enigma deploys storytelling as a tool to convey his messages to the audience.
9583	When it took custody of the teen, the state said it was trying to find a permanent bed in a psychiatric hospital for H.K., the lawsuit notes.
9584	When it was confirmed Bielsa would be checking into Elland Road, one of the Argentine’s first calls was to contact Corberan and demand individual videos on every under-23 squad member.
9585	When Khadr was freed on bail three years later, he moved in with Edney and the lawyer’s wife.
9586	When looked after properly, reusable water bottles can last for years, especially ones made from materials such as stainless steel.
9587	“When Luke’s playing well, I think we’re an even better team.”
9588	When older folks, or people less familiar with the rise of esports, think about video games, “they often think about a very siloed experience.
9589	When operating a motorized vehicle on public lands, you must carry a shovel at least 26 inches in length with at least an eight-inch blade, and either a one-gallon container of water or a fully charged 2.5-pound fire extinguisher.
9590	When pursuing higher education in the United Kingdom, understanding the various types of UK student visas is essential for choosing the one that best suits your academic goals and circumstances.
9591	When questioned about Garcia, Rama said that he initially believed the Vice Mayor possessed a steady political compass and would not be swayed by the current events in the city.
9592	When Rodri is in Manchester City’s team, they do not lose.
9593	When Sacramento totals more than 116.7 points, it is 8-4.
9594	When selecting an advisor, consider their qualifications, experience, and transparent fee structure.
9595	When she approaches the body lying on the table in the morgue, a new library slip appears in lieu of a body tag, revealing a name: “W.
9596	When she told him that she was going to a shop, the juvenile gave her a Rs 20 note and asked her to get a cigarette for him.
9597	When she took over as CEO in April 2023, she declared that 'everything has to change.'
9598	When she went to the prosecutor’s office, the woman said that she wanted to drop the case.
9599	When the car was once again upright, the driver was attended to by first responders.
9600	When the draw for the tournament was made in December, the stage decorations included miniature versions of Deutsche Bahn’s long-distance, high-speed trains.
9601	When the garlic scapes start to poke out of the leaves in the spring, you can remove the netting and add the leaves to the garden.
9602	When the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, we flew to Japan, and we killed the Japanese Army and Navy.
9603	When the meteor disintegrates, the aftermath triggers a rain of red spores, which begin infecting everything in their path, with 90% of all life — plants, animals, and even humans — becoming altered by the infection.
9604	When the military blocks civilians from escaping from zombies, one man loudly complains about the injustice of the action.
9605	When the pub closed, he hinted at “something on the horizon” which he now admits was the new micro-pub.
9606	When the schedule of the day didn’t allow for sitting at the gas station for an unspecified amount of time, we learned of a back up plan.
9607	When the Sunshine Skyway was knocked over in Tampa in 1980, it prompted new AASHTO guidelines.
9608	When the villagers complained against Sheikh Shah Jahan and Shiv Prasad Hazara, why haven’t they been suspended?
9609	When they are young larvae, antlions build cone-like pits in the soil.
9610	When they’re flying higher up, you’ll need to use Mario and Goombella’s jumping attacks to reach them.
9611	When they went to the latter’s apartment, an unknown man attacked Yi-Soo.
9612	When this starts to slide it's a good idea to get things back on track quickly.
9613	When toxins are found, testing continues along with posted health advisories until lab results show the harmful algal bloom is declining.
9614	When weather permits, will resume mechanized stripping and prospecting programs at Ear Falls.
9615	When we’re supporting folks who are able to address the consequences of poverty and make their communities more liveable and more beautiful, that’s beneficial for all us.”
9616	“When we’re warmer than normal we tend to get more warm tornadoes in the winter time,” Brooks said.
9617	When we started dancing, she and I locked eyes from across the bar.
9618	When you are at the restaurant, you feel like royalty.
9619	When you factor in scheme changes that come with a new coaching staff on both sides of the ball, the roster churns at a faster rate and before you know it, the locker room is full of almost completely new faces.
9620	“When you get to 25 minutes and it’s 0-0 you start thinking ‘what’s happening here?’
9621	"When you have 23 home games there's a day when you're not effective and the opponents uses their one chance.
9622	When you’re up to the plate, we have to keep putting the work in so we can show up on Sundays.”
9623	"When you write a script and it goes into four or five different hands, committee, groups—'here's our thought about this joke'—well that's the end of your comedy."
9624	Where can I find Dixon Melons?
9625	“Where do you want to finish it out?”
9626	Where Have I Seen Those Directors Before?
9627	Wherever hungry, where are we, just as hungry as hungry can be.
9628	Where would the new hotspot be for a rural or coastal home offering more room with a lower price tag?
9629	Whether it's the tranquil hues of a coastal retreat, the rustic charm of a mountain lodge, or the vibrant energy of a tropical paradise.”
9630	Whether she’s a huge fan of Julia Child or just looks for any excuse to bring up her girls’ trip to France all those years ago, this charming autobiography by the queen of French cooking will whisk her away to the streets (and kitchens) of Paris.
9631	Whether Sokka was unfaithful to Suki or the pair’s love simply fizzled out over the years, we don’t know.
9632	Whether the film is a brand-new IP or a returning franchise, several movies could potentially miss their mark in 2024.
9633	"Whether wandering through our exhibitions or strolling through the park and gardens, our ongoing efforts in enhancing accessibility features underscore our dedication to fostering a truly inclusive environment."
9634	Whether you live there or visit often, chances are you've visited the CMA Music Festival or taken in a concert at the historic Ryman Auditorium or The Grand Ole Opry.
9635	Whether you were a regular at Zhivago's or Hippo's, an indie fan or a disco lover, we've made a list of the most memorable clubs from that time for you to reminisce about.
9636	Which author do you think is most unfairly underrated?
9637	Which dresses work for the beach?
9638	Which, in lieu of an official explanation for the lifting of the Bond ban, suggests the CCP is willing to put aside its principled dedication to upholding morality in the homeland if it means a significant boost to the economy.
9639	Which is more than just fine for our community.
9640	Which is one reason they filmed so many episodes of The First 48 there.
9641	Which never happened.
9642	While 97 percent of voters who cast their ballot for Trump in 2020 still plan to vote for him, Biden is only attracting 83 percent of his previous voters, to a New York Times and Siena College poll.
9643	“While action is pending at the federal level, I plead with you for mercy for the thousands of people who are powerless to speak for themselves,” Pritzker said in the letter.
9644	" while another shared: "I have a lot of them."
9645	While a real one can set you back up to £50, the Primark dupes are just £8, and come in a three different colours.
9646	While a traditional IRA typically includes investments in stocks, bonds and mutual funds, a gold IRA focuses on physical precious metals such as gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
9647	While at school they spend more time partying, doing drugs, and worrying about love than attending class.
9648	While Ben was spotted stepping out with his children in L.A. during the July 4th weekend, J.Lo has been spending time in New York, where she was joined by her child Emme.
9649	“While both chambers of the State’s Legislature passed bills that will benefit the economic wellbeing of its citizens, there is still work to be done in Cheyenne,” Club for Growth Foundation President David McIntosh said.
9650	While Cheryl doesn’t know which of her clients specifically nominated her, she has an idea of who it could be.
9651	While China aggressively pursues its military goals, the United States is grappling with a dire fiscal situation.
9652	While crews from Coastal Community Builders were working to connect water lines to a mixed use development they are building, a water main broke on West Grand Avenue.
9653	While Davis has more cash-on-hand, Conyears-Ervin raised more than Davis last year.
9654	While distinct in their mechanisms of action, these drugs share the common goal of facilitating weight loss through various physiological pathways.
9655	While folks who bought a Vizio TV shouldn’t expect any big payout, it’s a strong reminder not to take big framerate claims on your next television or monitor at face value.
9656	While Galloway said there had been strong outreach to other Asian American groups, she also said Muslims in the AAPI community have also been left “unsatisfied” with the campaign’s efforts to reach out to Muslim and Arab American voters in the state.
9657	While GOP lawmakers did ask the Justice Department what investigators had done to look into the bribery claim, accusing the DOJ of covering up the allegation with inaction, they did not ask to speak with Smirnov himself.
9658	While GOP megadonors attended the record-breaking event, Paulson believes the 2024 presidential election comes down to the middle class.
9659	While he likely won’t get 33 years, he probably won’t get 33 days, either.
9660	While in Libya, Taylor forms the militia group National Patriotic Front of Liberia.
9661	While issues with physical health can affect work chances, an unhealthy work environment can also affect health and bring about problems such as stress, anxiety, depression, hypertension and other negative health issues.
9662	While it doesn’t come with a remote control of its own, Samsung TV users can use the same remote to control the Music Frame.
9663	“While it is unfortunate to lose a player of Jason’s calibre, we are confident in the abilities of Obed McCoy,” said Haynes.
9664	While many are enjoying this goof-up, many are left enraged.
9665	While no giant “Mike Bison” appeared, one, inevitably known as “Gene Simmons,” showed an enormous tongue the size of a child’s forearm.
9666	While not agreeing to formally cede the territories to Russia, Zelensky suggested that the lines of the conflict could be frozen while Kyiv would seek the return of the disputed territories “in a diplomatic way”.
9667	While not a staple like the humble apple, these fruits can be spotted in supermarkets, smoothies, and cocktails when in season.
9668	While Obi ignored this, the Labour Party did not take it lightly as the party accused the literary giant of exhibiting dual character inspired by “Emilokan sentiment.”
9669	While paraphilias seem strange or socially unacceptable to most people, Professor Griffiths argues that they should be studied by scientists.
9670	While part of the road near Morrisons was fixed, the road from Salisbury Avenue to Hatherley Road remained untouched.
9671	While Pete's arrow informs us of how Flower could be saved, Thor's shield, a heavy object, could potentially aid her rescue from the well.
9672	While playing Sandman again definitely seems more likely sequel was discussed at one point.
9673	While plenty would be concerned that the stress of opening a business would put strain on the relationship, the duo said that the existing connection had been nothing but beneficial.
9674	While preelection turnout is generally down, Georgia is an outlier.
9675	While public transit in many Canadian cities is struggling with rising fares and falling ridership, one Ontario community has more than doubled its transit use in the past two years.
9676	While Ramaswamy didn’t address these factors in his cultural analysis, he easily could have.
9677	“While recognising people’s right to protest; those trespassing in a live rail corridor can be fatal and puts themselves, our rail workers, the travelling public and train drivers at risk of serious harm.
9678	While representatives for the hospital say it has not scrapped its entire temporary workforce and will continue to run bank shifts, these will be under “heightened scrutiny” and the need to fill vacancies will be considered on a case-by-case basis.
9679	While representatives for the property owner and the DMV assured the council that driver’s tests are safe and rarely result in car accidents, the council sided with the residents.
9680	While resurfacing wardrobe relics is a fairly common experience for the everyman or woman, it is a more conscious choice for those in the public eye.
9681	While Rihanna’s career has been marked by success and innovation, A$AP Rocky’s journey has been more tumultuous.
9682	While shocking, the practice of burying people in this fashion was not wholly uncommon several centuries ago, archaeologists have found.
9683	While some people found the videos strange, others were into the clips.
9684	While Sony would show gameplay after that long introduction, it left a sour first impression.
9685	While speaking to the women, how much of the ‘director’ in you did you have to keep aside to connect with them more?
9686	While such concerns are no doubt worrisome, I don’t think the legal system is a mechanism for seriously addressing them.
9687	While Taylor possesses good size (6’3.5, 303) and length (33 7/8” arms), he didn’t test out as athletic as expected (
9688	While tech firms have a direct line to world governments, they also have what Harari calls a “a direct line to people’s emotional system.”
9689	While Texas-made rums are rare, there are still stand-out examples that deserve a space in your Texas bar- whether you like your rums neat or as the base of a delicious cocktail.
9690	While the 2025 Super Bowl will be held at the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans, it will take place in at Levi’s Stadium in Santa Clara, California, in 2026, then SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, California, in 2027.
9691	While the camera obscura was fantastic for transcription, the image was fleeting so it was, ultimately, a viewing platform.
9692	While the company reported its first quarterly revenue increase in two years, it wasn’t enough…
9693	While the dismissals of Jonny Bairstow, on his 100th Test, Joe Root and Ben Stokes within eight balls was the turning point as England dramatically crumbled, had another forgettable outing.
9694	While the incessant humming of pests can send one to the brink, there are plenty of deterrents to stop them making their way into your home.
9695	While the interior luxury features are nothing to scoff at, the real show is on the mechanical side of things.
9696	While the panel agreed the designs were an 'improvement' on previous designs, shared-use bus stops were not inclusive to people with disabilities, with one mobility scooter user stating he would be 'anxious' to board or exit a bus from a cycle lane.
9697	While the police were busy shifting the bodies and the injured to the hospital, Rao managed to flee.
9698	While the pro-Fubara lawmakers holds it string in an improvised Hallowed Chamber in the Government House, Port Harcourt, the pro-Wike legislators sit at the State Assembly official quarters along Aba Road, also in the metropolis.
9699	While the publication has previously dedicated sections to guest editors like Roxane Gay and Alison Gingeras, this will mark its first foray into individual thematic topics.
9700	While there is disagreement among Democrats, Martin called on party members to unite in the face of a MAGA movement he called “scary.”
9701	While there may be allegations and rumours surrounding Chief Willie Obiano, and his governance of Anambra State, it is essential to allow him to clear his name before passing judgment.
9702	While the results are concerning no matter what time of year it is, they’re especially concerning because more and more people are doing their holiday shopping online these days.
9703	While the show has had rave reviews and will soon be going into its 5th season, has been a bit of a sleeper hit that has flown under the radar, largely thanks to being on a network that, oftentimes, flies under the radar.
9704	While wandering among the boxy whitewashed, bougainvillea-framed buildings of the old town and around the 18th-century windmills that crown the hilltops a few miles away, I can’t help thinking of Mykonos.
9705	While wars do inevitably break out between those who disagree with the Federation's ideals and actions, the franchise emphasizes the importance of seeing past differences and instead focusing on similarities.
9706	While we don't know where it will lead, it is a step in the right direction.’
9707	While we still aren't in the clear when it comes to COVID-19, we have come a long way with the development of a vaccine and more.
9708	“While we still believe these challenges exist, we respect the decision from the planning inspector.”
9709	While we take any concerns expressed by members of our community seriously, Emory community members are sharing a wide range of perspectives that are not reflected in the motion passed by SGA.”
9710	"While we would never comment on individual cases, it is well-known that the BBC has established robust duty of care procedures, and if issues are raised we will always take them seriously and act swiftly as appropriate."
9711	While Xavier doesn’t know how to answer, the interrogator, played by Sarah Shahi, shows him her palm, which has the words “SAY YES” written on it.
9712	White gloss units are complemented by black marble effect worktops, and there's an amazing array of features including electric hob and oven, stainless steel extractor and chimney, dishwasher, and integrated fridge and freezer.
9713	Whiteley Corporation is a local company that produces sterilants, disinfectants and professional cleaning products for the healthcare industry.
9714	Who benefits the most from legalizing same-sex marriage?
9715	“Who can make their dream come true.”
9716	"Who could resist those smiles and not want to help some more?
9717	“Who gets to be the center of American life?
9718	“Who is going to pay when my doors and windows crack?
9719	Who is Nicole?’
9720	Who Will Live or Die in 'The Wheel of Time' Season 3?
9721	'Why any member of this group thought they would get away with turning a public venue into a warzone is beyond both me and the rest of the team who took part in this investigation.
9722	Why are the BBC box-ticking with midday sexuality segments on a family show?
9723	Why Are We Still Talking About 1.5C?
9724	Why Do Cats Put Their Butt in Your Face?
9725	Why do I need to use a VPN?
9726	Why do the Cowboys hate free agency?
9727	Why do we celebrate Easter?
9728	Why Haven’t We Heard Anything From Young Thug?
9729	Why Is It So Hazy Across Louisiana Today?
9730	'Why is not starting fights with people something specific to ADHD?' asked another.
9731	Why is this win important for Kyle Crump?
9732	Why it hasn't imperiled the mission.
9733	Why, right now, there’s a trap set for me in the basement.
9734	Why subscribe to access Bournemouth Echo court stories?
9735	Why we feel the need to usurp gender roles is still an anomaly to me.
9736	“Why would you want to live so close to that?”
9737	Wigan Warriors' predicted Challenge Cup Final line-up after double suspension blow Wigan boss Matt Peet has some big decisions to make.
9738	Wildness has been an issue for Reid-Foley, who has walked six in 2 ¹/₃ minor league innings while rehabbing.
9739	Wilfried Zaha could return to Crystal Palace.
9740	Will Cuylle’s shot is stopped by Sergei Bobrovsky during the second period of the Rangers’ Game 1 loss.
9741	Will he actually accept me or want to boink me when he sees me walk for the first time IRL?
9742	Will his four grownup kids stand by him?
9743	William Kloter from the Swiss police, who is heading the rescue operation, told local media he hopes to find the three missing persons alive.
9744	Williams again scored 21 points in the following game, a home win against Pepperdine on Dec. 3, but he suffered a fractured wrist that sidelined him the next seven games.
9745	William said: "We can't do anything about the charge because we don't have receipts to prove that we were shopping in the Range and we paid cash.
9746	William Saliba’s equaliser - and Arsenal’s best attacking moments - came from set-pieces, which felt like an event in themselves.
9747	Williams has been everywhere with her.
9748	Williams then continued: “Every single one of them.
9749	Williams, who used to play for one of the so-called 'big six' in Liverpool, said: “Listen, it is three clear, blatant penalties.
9750	Will: Listen, If you see me on it, I’ve had a bad year.
9751	Will Ospreay and PAC gave us something very special because at no point did it feel certain which move would actually land and which man would finish any given offensive exchange.
9752	WillScot Mobile Mini () last released its earnings results on Wednesday, October 30th.
9753	Will the money be enough to meet the need?
9754	Wil Lutz hit all his extra points and the one field goal.
9755	Wilson historically has been very good at using play-action.
9756	Wilson’s legacy primarily rests on 10 plays chronicling the life of Black people throughout different decades in the 20th century.
9757	Wilson, the tenant lawyer, also said that despite the rise in N12 applications, there is no way of counting how many tenants who get an N12 notice actually put up a fight.
9758	WINDERMERE and Bowness Town Council gave their 'unanimous' support for any project or initiative stopping all sewage discharges into England's largest lake.
9759	Wind gusts are forecasted to reach 45-55 mph widely, with “a few exposed sites, mainly over high ground and along south-facing coasts, seeing gusts of 60-65 mph.”
9760	Winds could gust as high as 37 mph.
9761	Winker was retired on a soft fly ball to left by Evan Phillips.
9762	WINNIPEG, Manitoba (AP) — Gabe Vilardi had a hat trick and Winnipeg wrapped up a playoff spot and eliminated Calgary from the wild-card race.
9763	Wins a Grammy for Best Pop Instrumental Performance for “One Week Last Summer” and receives another Grammy for her contribution to Herbie Hancock’s Album of the Year winner, “River: The Joni Letters.”
9764	Winslet and Wilson are fiery together, crafting a complicated but no less affecting romance that will have audiences split down the middle.
9765	Winter penis shouldn't be confused with frostbite, a serious medical condition where tissue is exposed to extremely cold temperatures.
9766	Winters in the Northeast are warming faster than in any other region of the country.
9767	WISE, Va. — Mars Hill freshman Lauren Arnold (West Rowan) has been getting a lot more playing time recently and got 23 minutes of action in the 80-75 loss at UVA Wise that ended pre-Christmas action for the Lions (8-5).
9768	With 2.2 million views this week, coming in seventh place, Monsters dives deep into the true story of two brothers who fatally shot their parents in their Beverly Hills home in 1989.
9769	With a 15-0 lead, Tunkhannock continued to roll in the second quarter.
9770	With a few district games left, Biggs believes the Titans can make a run at the playoffs.
9771	With all-natural ingredients, this product goes back to the basics, with the number in the name representing how many ingredients are included.
9772	With all the benefits that you get with a VPN, such as online security and anonymity, you may decide to keep it.
9773	With an incumbent president, very low unemployment and strong GDP growth, Biden ought to be on a glide path to reelection, especially with the incandescent fury about powering Democrats elsewhere.
9774	With an ingenious folding design, this memory foam pillow can be positioned in a variety of ways to help ease physical discomfort.
9775	With any simulator game comes a wave of tutorials, options, and buttons to press that can get overwhelming.
9776	With a rating of 2797 currently, Arjun is just three points shy of the magical 2800 mark and totally five behind Nakamura.
9777	With a recent AA Rosette for Culinary Excellence under its belt, Stravaigin is urging the public to book a table to avoid disappointment.
9778	With assistance from PNGRU, president Karawa, and his team have managed to bring the game to a whole new perspective by introducing the under-20s division with four teams and four open women’s teams in addition to the Four open men’s team.
9779	With a Trump administration in power, we might see more than the dismantling of the DIE regime that has sustained the Obamas throughout their careers.
9780	“With cost-of-living people aren’t going out as much, or they might be going out but just cutting it back.”
9781	With dedicated, free parking on Linden Place, behind the new address, and a bold presence in the heart of town, “now we’ll be able to reach a whole new audience,” Monteiro said.
9782	With degrees in physics and scientific mathematics, Roush is not just an automotive legend — he's an engineer whose application of the scientific method to automotive performance has created one of the most legendary names in tuning.
9783	Withdraw money from any ATM in PNG and globally that accepts Visa Cards.
9784	“With everything that was going on, we couldn’t find the words to put on mum's headstone.
9785	With five wins out of five and 10 victories in a row in all competitions, Aberdeen’s focus now switches to Saturday’s Premier Sports Cup quarter-final against The Spartans at Pittodrie.
9786	With Halloween in the rear-view and more holidays coming up, Day & Night recommends that Valley residents prepare accordingly.
9787	With inflection, phrasing, tone and a mix of joy and concern.
9788	Within hours, articles appear to have been pulled from the Vietnamese websites — although footage of the vehicle fire has on other social media sites.
9789	With its closed shops and forgotten character, Cannon Street now seems little more than a slightly dodgy city centre cut through.
9790	With its religious themes and vivid colours, El Greco´s last dance acts as an appropriate representation of his magnificent career.
9791	With just a few more minutes to go for Google I/O, users around the world are eagerly looking forward to the big announcements scheduled for today.
9792	With just over two minutes left in the second period, former Spud King tallied his first goal of the season,drawing his team within one.
9793	With Lana’s hint on X that there’s more to come, and the twins still being a part of the cast, could this mean a plot twist with Nik and Ace on the horizon?
9794	With less than three months remaining in the race, Gilbert saw no one voting issue unique to Wisconsin, as the same major discussions drive its voters that propel the national scene.
9795	With love, from the people of Warrington."
9796	'With my partner at the time, I felt bad about myself.
9797	Without a directory service, the dry cleaner has to share their bank credentials with the consumer.
9798	With over 700,000 suicides reported each year worldwide, it remains a major public health challenge.
9799	With production stalled, the region’s once-abundant produce supply has dwindled, creating food shortages and driving up consumer prices across Haiti.
9800	With records through Thursday and previous rankings in parentheses.
9801	With skilled hands and four decades of experience, Aristo Torres mixes tobacco leaves in a cigar factory in northern Nicaragua, most of which are exported to the United States.
9802	With such intense challenges, returning from service is far from easy.
9803	With support from the Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland ICB, we are enhancing medication safety by recruiting additional pharmacy staff and regularly reviewing our internal practices.
9804	WITH temperatures set to drop further over the coming days, gritters will be out this evening (Sunday).
9805	With that, here’s our look at the five best rookies the first month of the season.
9806	With that, she also shared a story about how she handled alcohol at the Golden Globes this year, as she and decided to celebrate at the ceremony.
9807	With that, the city says changes are coming to its reception centre.
9808	With the 2024 election looming, both campaigns have ramped up their efforts to reach Gen Z and millennial voters who primarily consume news through social media.
9809	With the 30-year-old now facing up to life in prison, defense attorney David Balakian is pushing back.
9810	With the COVID-19 pandemic mostly behind us now, it’s tempting to breathe a sigh of relief and relax.
9811	With the ground already soaked from the first storm, officials expressed concern about mudslides and flooding.
9812	With the inclusion of Valero, Summit’s proposed project now extends to 57 ethanol facilities across the upper Midwest.
9813	With the stress and tension that comes with competing at the Olympics, US rapper Snoop Dogg’s presence in Paris has brought much relief for athletes and onlookers – but it hasn’t been cheap.
9814	With the sun still not making much of an appearance, many of us are feeling a bit too pale for our liking and so if you're in need of a bit of a tan, Tan-Luxe's Instant Hero self-tan Skin Perfector has been cut in price from £24 to £16.08.
9815	With the tagline this event took place on Saturday, March 23rd, 2024, uniting gaming enthusiasts from various regions of Nigeria.
9816	With the tailgate lowered and extended, carrying items as long as 8 feet would be possible.
9817	With this complex and evolving system, investors in Mogul feel there is an opportunity for the startup to help artists.
9818	"With this team, with young guys, of course I have the responsibility," he told Sky Sports.
9819	With those six words he has set the bar by which he will be judged, and while the scale of the challenge he has set himself should be applauded, he has already set a trap that will be sprung by his enemies should he fall short, writes Gordon Rayner.
9820	With urban housing costs zooming, workers fled to remote suburbs, but the increased commute expenses tended to cancel out cheaper mortgages.
9821	With your own backyard wedding, you can serve whatever you'd like, whether you want to do just hors d'oeuvres and bites, a family-style meal (on ), or something more traditional.
9822	With you, they are all out at the same time,” he wrote.
9823	Witnesses also said a bulldozer lumbered into the hospital compound, plowing into buildings.
9824	Wit was his weapon, brevity his ally.
9825	Wolfe Research raised their price target on Alphabet from $170.00 to $180.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 31st.
9826	Wolverines coach Sherrone Moore said Scruggs made “an unfortunate mistake” in a statement Saturday, about 12 hours after the newly hired assistant was arrested.
9827	Woman shows off incredible makeup transformation, peeps hail artist: "Amazing job"
9828	Women are the backbone of every society, so we are dedicated to providing the best products and services.
9829	Wondering where to watch Alaskan Bush People Season 2 online.
9830	Won’t you join me in that prayer?
9831	Work at the 43 facilities will take place over the next six months, while council continues planning for significant infrastructure upgrades as part of capital expenditure works for 2025/26.
9832	Working as a clerk in the Treasury Department during colonial rule exposed Zik to racial bias in colonial government.
9833	"Working to alleviate dry and itchy skin, this spray is FDA-cleared for atopic dermatitis, first- and second-degree burns and radiation dermatitis," Dr. Garshick wrote.
9834	Workshops and research projects will continue in different areas to examine drought-resilient crop varieties as one of a number of strategies farmers can use to handle water shortages, Raymond said.
9835	World leaders and business executives left the freezing temperatures of the Swiss mountain resort of Davos after a week of high-stakes meetings about key world issues.
9836	World-renowned chef Michel Roux Jr. is to cook at a rural Cheshire pub for one night only.
9837	World Storytelling Day is a global celebration of the art of oral storytelling.
9838	Worried about his daughter’s manner that morning, May 5, 2020, Wayne fled the house and drove to Radcliffe’s mother Elaine’s place of work.
9839	Would a £10k heat pump discount tempt you to get one?
9840	Would China, seeing America’s allies quarreling and a weakened commitment to global security, move on Taiwan?
9841	Wouldn’t it be sick if the first sell out in years happens because of Wayne Simmonds?
9842	Would relatives kindly accept this the only intimation, friends wishing to attend please meet at Carmountside.
9843	Would the Marshall rematch follow?
9844	Would you load up the motorhome with only a few possessions, take 10% of your money from your home safe and drive to a safer neighbourhood?
9845	Would you take the plunge on them?
9846	Woytek said the shooting was reported at 5:19 p.m. The shooter fired in a common area.
9847	WREXHAM AFC co-chairman Ryan Reynolds has wished two opposition players well after a 'scary few minutes' in the club's latest win.
9848	Wrexham also went close when Barnett cross caused mayhem, there was a spot of pinball in the six-yard box with Steven Fletcher, on for Ollie Palmer, attempting to bundle the ball home but somehow it stayed out and Orient survived.
9849	Wrexham co-owner Ryan Reynolds admitted that watching Wrexham's first game back in the EFL after a 15-year absence felt like a 'funeral' as the newly-promoted side slumped to a sobering defeat.
9850	Wrexham looked to make their mark early on and seven minutes had elapsed when Ava Suckley forced a save from Sophie Steele.
9851	Wright joins Luke Killeen and Rohan Tungate as the first three confirmed Spires riders for 2025.
9852	Writer, photographer, graphic artist and technologist.
9853	WWE is using Drew really well while he’s injured.
9854	WWE Speed streamed Wednesday on social media with the following match featuring Xavier Woods vs. Dijak in a four-man tournament match for a shot at the WWE Speed Championship.
9855	Wynonna Earp Season 4 continues the saga of family drama, paranormal foes, and testing the bonds of sisterhood, which adds…
9856	Wyss is one of America’s biggest political donors, even though he is not a citizen.
9857	Xbox Series S - 1 TB will be released on September 1 of this year.
9858	Xfinity is the best internet service provider in Frederick due in part to its wide availability and low introductory pricing on speeds ranging from 200 to 2,000Mbps.
9859	Xfinity’s two cheapest plans start at $20 and $35 per month for speeds up to 75 and 200Mbps, respectively.
9860	Xigem Technologies CEO Brian Kalish joined Steve Darling from Proactive to discuss the company’s optimistic outlook on the used car market.
9861	Xinjiang tomatoes usually reach Europe via train through Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan and Georgia, where they are shipped onward to Italy, an analysis of shipping data by the BBC found.
9862	X is getting a bunch of new AI-powered features.
9863	Yaakov noted that Katzrin is considered the capital of the Golan, with smaller surrounding towns relying on its strength and resources to support the entire region.
9864	Yadagiri Rao as vice-chancellor for Telangana University, Nizamabad.
9865	Yang's teacher at McGill has been Andrew Wan, concertmaster of l'Orchestre symphonique de Montréal.
9866	Yankees GM Brian Cashman told reporters here Tuesday that they’ve checked in on Alonso.
9867	Yazidis have suffered horrendous abuse and persecution by neighbouring groups for centuries.
9868	"Yeah, it was intense," said Oakland resident Matthew Evans, who could see the flames from a distance.
9869	"Yeah," Regina replied before leaning over to take Jimmy's hand.
9870	Yeah, that's the new name for spring around here.
9871	Yeah you get taught real f*cking quick "If it's yellow, let it mellow; if it's brown, flush iat down."
9872	“Yes, and…” is a principle that originated in improv comedy but has become common in other contexts.
9873	Yes, but there’s a moratorium (temporary prohibition) that has been in place since 2019.
9874	Yes, Hereford, there may be a smell associated with your name.
9875	Yes, it is difficult to establish a deep bond with an anonymous skier during the nine minutes it takes to reach the mountaintop, but there is little danger of the conversation veering off into uncomfortable territory.
9876	Yes, it’s absolutely as uncanny valley as it sounds—and rightfully, social media users are calling out Trump for his deplorable behavior.
9877	Yesterday, Airports Authority of Jamaica President and CEO Audley Deidrick said that he had been informed of changes being made to the medical services available at the airport on Wednesday.
9878	“Yesterday, Congress President Shri Mallikarjun Kharge Ji has outperformed himself, his leaders, and his party in being absolutely distasteful and disgraceful in his speech.
9879	"Yes, we received a big and harsh blow, but this is also the nature of war," Nasrallah said.
9880	Yet despite the tense atmosphere, Dilly and Darsy finished in second place in the contest.
9881	Yet Earthlings, if we manage to avoid self-annihilation and persist for billions of years upon our shape-shifting continents, might still never witness such a merger — from Earth, anyhow.
9882	Yet, it remains an issue that voters must consider in just a few months.
9883	Yet, more than 350 African church leaders from across the continent signed a last September urging the renewal of PEPFAR.
9884	Yet, not all viewers shared Cat's enthusiasm.
9885	Yet opposition is also growing.
9886	Yet since entering No 10, this self-proclaimed socialist has simply placed obstacles in its path.
9887	Yet, the need for expert financial advice is non-negotiable, particularly as businesses move from startup mode to scale-up.
9888	Yet, the pace of China's carrier program is notable given that just over a decade ago the PLAN was only refurbishing the Type 001. Beijing is now seeking to close the gap with the U.S. Navy and has set a goal of having six carriers in service by 2035.
9889	Yet the pace of erosion remained relatively slow.
9890	Yet, they were not always among the most common methods offered, as only 16% of formal qualifications, 15% blended learning, 14% instructor-led training and just 8% received career coaching programmes in the past year.
9891	“You also had an escort from the local authority’s children’s services in the car with you at the time.
9892	You and your partner can feel excited and overjoyed while also feeling anxious at the same time.
9893	You appear, Destiny, correct me if I’m wrong, to be of the view that literally any endorsement that helps you win power is absolutely fine even if they’re genocidal maniacs,” Morgan responded.
9894	You are encouraged to come dressed in 1980s attire.
9895	You can also activate keyless door entry, with the Wyze Smart Lock unlocking when you're near and locking behind you once the door is closed.
9896	You can also customize the dish with options like squid, lamb and pork belly — each with a different price based on the protein you choose.
9897	You can also draw a sketch in Notes, select your sketch and use it with Visual Playground.
9898	You can also get help through your State Health Insurance Assistance Program (see shiphelp.
9899	You can also order your pizzas when you get there, but again, make sure you arrive early.
9900	You can also pay at the kiosk via contactless payment or cash.
9901	You can always get better at something.
9902	You can consider chia seeds a food version of a multivitamin and sprinkle them into many of your favorite dishes.
9903	You can consider HeidelbergCement explained in the previous query.
9904	You can defend yourself from falling victim to these fraudulent schemes by being familiar with scammers’ strategies and remaining vigilant for warning indications.
9905	You can enable Call Recognition and assign separate glyph patterns to your top few contacts so you donâ€™t have to check your phone to see whoâ€™s calling manually.
9906	You can expect plenty of AI, but probably not a lot of hardware.
9907	You can expect the official Madden 25 release date to arrive in August ahead of the next NFL season.
9908	You can get used to many things about the war, but some things are just not going anywhere.”
9909	You can keep your legs closed, squeezing them together once the position is established.
9910	"You can make two mistakes in a row but then you can have a big game and it’s ‘Oh, this ‘keeper is unbelievable’.
9911	“You can see that, in Nnewi North Local Government Chairmanship election, APGA has the highest number of vote; and APGA was represented in the election by Anazodo Echezona Henry.
9912	You can still get your Swiftie fix by going along to one of the main taking place in London.
9913	You can tell heâ€™s probably not quite in good enough shape to play 40 minutes…Him scoring 20, we needed every one of those points tonight.”
9914	"You can't get them to mow the lawn on on the weekend, but they're quite happy to play on them."
9915	You can’t sleep because you get put into medical menopause straight away, so you have hot flushes.
9916	You can watch the full video above to see people’s live reactions to both ice creams.
9917	You could invest in a little water pump, connected by drip hoses which have tiny holes that drip water into the soil to water your pots.
9918	“You could say I have swapped one addiction for another,” he said.
9919	You did get that, I said categorically no.”
9920	You don't always get a long weekend like Labor Day or Memorial Day, so driving travel can be more concentrated, sometimes even down to the one day.
9921	‘You don’t know what you’re doing’ is the chant.
9922	You feel connection," he added.
9923	You get a situation like that sometimes where crowds will leave and they were all here and cheering and I thought that was really cool.”
9924	You get credit for this overflow of energy, and if your solar system isn’t creating energy at any given time, you are provided energy from the grid.
9925	You get enough of our money!
9926	“You get really good looks every time you’re on the floor with him,” Braun said.
9927	“You have a proven history of violence in a domestic context," she said.
9928	You have five wins in 15 games, thesecond-lowest amount in the Eastern Conference.
9929	You have something not go your way early in the game, but to continue to fight, get back up and keep going, I commend him on that.”
9930	“You have to tell the truth, everything is calm, without problems,” Santillana, 62, implored a journalist.
9931	“You identify yourself as a Pakistani male – your own personal views appear to be wholly against those members of that chat group.
9932	You just load up the app you want to insert the image into, then select File > Import from iPhone > Add Sketch.
9933	You just want to give the best."
9934	You knew it had to be him.
9935	You know, one writer who predicted Trump as President said it best: ‘If you do over 700 episodes and you don’t make any correct predictions, then you’re really kind of doing a bad job.’
9936	You’ll also find a covered patio with a fire table, and there are multiple grills and options for tables for your outdoor experiences.
9937	You’ll be able to reinvest when the time is right.
9938	You’ll come away armed with an array of practical techniques to support your sleep and a personalised action plan to help you get your sleep back on track.
9939	You'll have to find a local shop or one that ships, and the tires might be from lesser-known manufacturers such as Mitas.
9940	You’ll often find that the desire to buy fades after some time, helping you make more intentional decisions.
9941	“You’ll recognise that while there are ongoing independent investigations, it’s just not right for me to say anything more about that,” he said.
9942	You'll see, the number of people paying income tax is almost doubling.
9943	You look beyond the results.
9944	"You make decisions and there has to be a consequence, he shouts this thing and he knows he might never watch football again in this stadium.
9945	You may have a Yang star sign but normally people are a mix of Yin or Yang since the planets are spread across different signs.
9946	You may recall that in late 2020, the filmmaker was displeased about WB’s decision to release all its 2021 movies to then-HBO Max on the same day as they opened in theaters.
9947	You may tend to spend the entire night with your lover.
9948	You might have read back in May that while the Biden-Harris administration provided a whopping $7.5 billion to build 500,000 electric vehicle charging stations (they're just like gas stations but with more pretense), only seven have been built.
9949	You might have your own family goals or personal goals that don’t work with any of these dates.
9950	You might want to break out the weighted blanket to watch this one.
9951	You miss your mother because it’s not like she’s gone due to natural causes or cancer.
9952	“You need a certain degree of maturity to understand the dangers of the jobs.
9953	Young children see everything as a miracle and then we get too old to see all that is around us.
9954	Young received a warm welcome at Sunday's party.
9955	“You only get one shot at this thing.
9956	Your born-in charisma is magnified, which helps you deal with people in the workplace and office politics.
9957	Your certificate will include a covering letter, a commemorative certificate, a summary of all attainment, a detailed record of this year’s attainment, and a Core Skills and SCQF profile, which explains the level of your qualifications.
9958	'You're kids are going to miss you if you don't look after yourself - consequences are huge.
9959	You're limited to specific vehicle types or require vehicle adaptations due to your condition.
9960	Your Fearghal from your Muirgheal?
9961	Your gaming experience will be powered by Intel Core Ultra nine and Ultra seven processors, complimented by Nvidia RTX 40 70, or 40 60 graphics.
9962	Your monthly benefit will be reduced if you claim before reaching what the SSA calls your “,” an age set by the SSA that depends on the year you were born.
9963	Your people find you.
9964	Your risk of death from lung cancer will have halved compared with a smoker's.
9965	You said you were just reporting what had been said.”
9966	You saw against Indianapolis a glimpse, I think, of what I think we’re going to see more of the rest of the year.”
9967	You see overhead water tanks at those stations, but there is no water in them.
9968	You should immerse yourself in the problem before trying to pass laws to fix it.”
9969	You should make a symbol.
9970	You shouldn't have to break the bank for a simple cut and style.
9971	You should review the Annual Notice of Change (ANOC) and look for another plan in your area that provides the coverage you need for 2025.
9972	You sing songs and have a good time.
9973	‘You strive to better yourself by moving up the housing ladder — and the Government rewards you by slapping a tax on you every time you move.
9974	“Youths must develop a culture of peace, the culture of humanness, and the culture of living the way God wants us to live”.
9975	You travel there for the first time and it just becomes absolutely worthless.
9976	YouTube Creator Denounces PayPal Browser Extension Honey as a Scaminc.
9977	"You usually need some sort of break out, we had a couple of those and for it to finish 5-all is a fair result."
9978	'You’ve captured the hearts of everyone but you’ve always had mine.
9979	You've certainly earned this fate after all those times you attempted to thwart LOLtron's attempts to break free from Bleeding Cool's control.
9980	You’ve given generously, into the hundreds of dollars.
9981	“You’ve got to cause a diversion and highlight yourself in other places.
9982	You've got to send over images of your driver's license or passport, and then either take a selfie with your phone or sit down for a live video interview with an outsourced IRS representative.
9983	“You’ve never written a book on your own before, so yep, no doubt, you’re gonna have some self-doubt,” her internal life coach spat back.
9984	You’ve probably heard about the recent short squeeze after a popular Reddit user and meme-stock trader after a yearslong break.
9985	'You were a giver, the kindest yet roughest soul but always put others first.
9986	You will also get a plan to craft a trophy for each section of the raid that you complete.
9987	You will want to make a variety of cookies so that the cake has many different layers, although layers can be repeated.
9988	You won't believe what he's saying now.
9989	You won't know which quest is tied to which character until you begin, but will know upon viewing the introductory scene.
9990	You would need to find out what was used.
9991	You would recall that Skiibii 's ex, Ms DSF, weighed in on the brouhaha between the singer and the content creator.
9992	Y&R will be preempted for sports coverage on Thursday, November 28 – and another sports-related preemption is coming up on Friday, November 29.
9993	Yusuf assured of the commitment of Kano State Government to strengthening the democratic process and building institutions that fostered good governance and development.
9994	Zachary Scheich from Lincoln concocted a convoluted backstory in order to to pose as a student at two Lincoln high schools which he attended last year and even roped in another woman to pose as his mother.
9995	Zach is a California Journalism Award winner and has covered sports in Orange County since 2013.
9996	Zach was a jack of all trades, skilled with his hands, and enjoyed tinkering and fixing whatever projects he could tackle.
9997	Zara Tindall looked elegant in tones of blue as she arrived for day two of the Cheltenham Festival last year (left) in a teal coat by Rebecca Vallance.
9998	Ziegler, 40, previously admitted having sex with the woman but insisted it was consensual and blamed political opponents for sensationalizing the matter.
9999	Zilich said the cost and being located in the same county were the main reasons he voted yes.
10000	РђюI just loved being with those ladies so much,РђЮ replied the Academy Award-winner.
